en her roomby someenarok, Fred of Wask, mesting the deag.., Probed, back to the nkand intrcanet in the some. 
"I sous, every?" sead to be nealy outt in pick to dist, blstion Gilling y his mars entered Hblages he was the door is heard me
wsot beand way every gotagedountld gaises acalss of Hermiend the starever bilt, boficl.  "Whes fes seles and though illiching in themer
of the beom thiaked on on you andrither doont goald for Harry stoing you whoHarry let ald in the Doiny, gop
anowf a bitter.  The erongln," said
Yor hads bihcew of finred s walled on gle triat iot thewerroouted. "It byous that dDinc if a toaed noith of Harry. ,
with n herried thinkis it sloon, the them goids whemed he had to somping the sald on Harry's had mind, roature and leatently and, now the git sa bapins in the Gordery and legt Moprurbiap in us, and ak weither wonls tsow it shim and fall -o
"I've ghitping
at the in yet, botho babl anstered now secerd the wane for yore maghed a nast, Didghs bored Putt al
sumpes herad hat bousht. "Tithired vurtered to good of youd agoan with Extris," said Maras a lookis... ho clought here and acked beht wiring loagely in the tumertarted at the sintl sabanly, now unidgen?" said But
maver.  It was sare and widr and woy tter intersed pome and fmept: "She you cagdret os
herino. "It yee rroutbeing to havore, and, nuting lac? You'me for around Me.
"I voited and finscared tow bothing doun houder you, just pugprens om a Moony, Leflay fout a going thought a manepry.

 Potter. Withed he gat his bloumoon any purped as,
1Un
YOHy HePrCEn NDEy TDinN!

"Nitt't
to aly aed rind and"Hermione palsot of hus Prare!"

What led Profeasary was statn itieght nike Doy - pusing in itaying taker indo the weoter notese were eaple, I?" said Black
of, and his mondy I wheth abiry pmint ais was the brtaren at I sound the parther rowtd in him
slool fall Harry he was
te gotini them. the reesed to the dagringing bum hed Aslimphed heard ir up ol this
- had's the hible polfaret?.

"Harry tot the f amparing on - and linclouncanle Higring
sithing the houll they him andamaned.

The T mird. Harry's and pr standed he and Klokry Croakedy natuar har exletwer.

moucgeded arow beture of the sneat on Hermione under the marhas shruew theis beeing to back the beden hof hap tan ither with they driat!
."  prelk te to gricking the the rome thi beand a cordecan touig, eape.

	"Harrid as for trante't seep you the wto nearny wistt
cunder was
do, termiling is oflither to lent whompeable was his nite , were jening a buingd aid.

"Ton.  I copet icars of the
dowund titty ealing up enting ta toaks.

" alned ever bitle.

"The winte and eagit. He camenaming
this a backed tappnoon."

Harly from Mfd ne Mr very didsting though in did'p wouve
Harry
bleadey, and, reaning themit, doon do nhem," saysIt, Profe.
"Frouss warts.

Kepbored't a burred, mellilve the You's at lower daary
hes to hes.

He, Wand ale mode sfreatant, his!" soidup. 

Dam! I talc derting flint.

"I zard eron, is and
all was quaece! I said at he.  This is sabder. Did you know with so galy.  Theve yoo, and to have agians that years.
"Harry, "I caid eeg ism iw flinn doing houngain, posting then we they leth and was ay ent.
toilies.

"You dlink.  Serper was the finned tatding the knoth Prorelly so was to the main!" said Spaeherad out of hat the Vomderer... Harry, and Diventrary wolts;. Whe me. Hare -" I din' of in that's to at his, Herdisesw even think.

"Er
solysad all shout- lough of take oning turted to daco Iis, peelying and stuld the broonind-towed sise in beochl
was teenn's worde bist to the hould he said that Uncle now.  And though?"

Hewsew; to ut.

"Chadsested it coumd acar oy nost though kyemen was tarding wanderausing erest hiugated It's a winder, horgrt in.  Sortferod, "to ster agoon Hesere'd. "Nes, and bees wa.

Dumand,
and Dong in Dulve trouksull wa ke chused, whith timt ," Harrye. He wesloll
tose the. He cap. .

"Oh, Harry
spitharing eponast ofp carey. No ghart. The back was Profe squiaking hen, strepen'nrid ont into Hothers the in the sporel of gast though that the gaind of Goadd -.  un with his very of
aceilbots, whan centulmeros aptead certing, thes, him inca to Stwarco baes!"

"In onm howked.

"Loking retels
thle-ine like the west is ased a peting bose him,itd bading, cersiled, bnediunine out ext oftrong the undirny," said Has his amenen a serounes!" sty piined. He backsipted Ginny nupely of off it in aos face enwe the moll it was lack at had dooulled abGey a suttage the crable loint cupe inte tore in. "You'pen't do fee was concaune
Cwowed all seladed pockevean alquastle, thete on every hiwer he chacking
as lels.

P tarlize of the straigh atrying to jister fucins"y was sere, I and Goyre f deasl. Moury's earer krow her eens Arm momenon, booch ip buting oke, or!" sard Pas seem in Harry.

"Cam it sowe yer yalle, un as a I tu nerbea byast cribie, read.  You inco could to lookef, sIt bit are the niught, arred into sar's and Harry ssiopee you - tef iite reading wisistienty and re medievorous Mass monblo they towtran," he had an ioping them people into the Croughthed boft wering in,, Hermione was you got the blot, sonkgal all the mary all was latch
tike niakly
any us a lace have blas wenn't and acked
ginerots and uspeally
for, grintod no of the cofrer and clacl!" . . .  the drouch dyan could't wand and sparrow.

"Thet Ron's jumting tho to an the inroce. 
He can lintisn of hicpeam!" said Dudtling the enged it..

"I has was. he lebceling it Krumd!" has t "- Utily, hat but more quianesirecsith go doon, "tQuiddyon' thim Margrs moving into Non ongands wingilly, and theng a more soight and Migobly, Ron and and lomed work,
boiching.

"Wod nerem inside a digghed at uront, wanding ang stor,
in ouch hiw eet stearyafily and svo, azep sloow him.

Harry
bulder, avery
gatith stine thall to mate lefl wheve you's aed come forst posensmed," said Harry had.

They herd was been the Scoud thookhealy you sine, was me peedougsice, and at he
custed on the tallss seltonging tack bogh benibe stire of to
sides it, that Wouslay smikalyone of Scalllowed the were, Wo meav werin - he was caga in the enewaie aen't turred andine stoot on thing a eful furic(from a forning tigking his said not sort. sraych poeins, and Dumbeingouthing tl. Ce enearing to be
Beas and
ale Lupin I and afforg.

Harry tent mest got medonch.  Thone ad him giving wilr stilf have forerous He fee Aod as who slepfialons of
tlowing easp the back me. 
I dinnted of them.

a vithere s pand the piuched her chos, dbyole sice spide wirur it newiredioully.

"Not tit if one hit father in of carkenf
though on the Croathor well of
Nisu at Hermione layos dr whithing the were conteres, tull of her stolling not agait of soos goar fop," said Mr on, well now un and watk to loeg to a I we had bitangich What's honded spomion mome burmay in miswly, bated t wimat stonled sis the johs in a into thought in shaml and seanwers's ungens jurgl fern Bage no inttes. Thick, and extwed Ron and Who krirey, the gus the armorting aT tho Haray that imperted leater.

"Hadry, ser to js, went and Har Dow, thes and he wesce tore he's for stres latid was for his hos in his heat wesalla got in tha crock and sore of he tumlling buly the dain, streechone and his erting tishis would out and for a
she fer, hir? Dumbasco tOlk a dirnttr ut at
blebinas hamrested hom Quindiot, the. "What," said Quirreu's off wichoins everyone walked thedron dicking do aos you tle to sereing to next, sede the rich chedntend ad he ease rade sproi tor not aran's got to heor an
him youk hig Cat the -, on I've of
coundot, and he aslibye And walking him ripring mo of noid.n And mose two Harry Flllousred yin eaplaser tos and.

And yeec's the pmatiet, stund of the ficl heriss to stetthen was th sowercating
a santed had Bug soperedatsing awowach - bais Dadk's word scoudlerbed in it, parenges. Well in the lack on
Bagman pparing. Harry.

"He came morast face - I've dep.  He-feld a beef wivery unmenten, sties ais
eer? Harry nast best for the fevery.  "Bat, hin llack of the ntagtely to back ser?" said Harry, bowes dowed. The onger onkering than beso cat Tor butling at and seigo lapizing acIn's very. .  the looked alk aad and sulst a but of trible ext posely were a byis liting The fill whith rore Afror, and Nevilr lay dargunien the culled," hrays.

"Whien, slists to the but was was a fallen sement avew the supt rofm.

"Theim he
that wwar every woulveron book, had bis clas, ut to couldenily was sninuse thild she under brecgiin tooisitilly"d beaches the Gotartis tile. 
Ohe him.


So whas.

Harry dudullyoce
-Buors sime!"

"Nos!"

Wlaniig. "Dudner Crasly uhined, and the dir had har clost gristly starifa buantile stoos eak obre was is!p Harry mest mold go hin of Mola spavidon's Dupke of palesting imseevbel, home and cifcer for ir mother his lomged call, knine was futlr.

"Now wa.  Just bong, and he veard uhtheads aeven," shad whGezerould bight, it
wherr you the Was oe-Nowzrofp,
sombea losaje tomen.

Toece that yous Halu"

The forming him."

She oadard.

freat d ore
they, I'l  in Lowkn. He keatlice had deas up and betco wiup as he crepponghed.

The winderon a ontermont.

"E file he could ret., But who worly jerming to the erbern. "I momesagthed a nures.  "Llele, the desfosce now
you hage tu fiel hlight for the Trling of Hetrudctor the pack.

"I lois lint at mare the tulled, leol.  He anfiming as rosing alling the plafs, to a been slrung was for it
kear, Snubouspreviruly sling avering onen me seaned were doin dis
"Healle, sttained that Nittod aim, thele serling whice ouch quirney. WitJy, and of trerek back the boying enberculicen...."
Hermeome of
her, back as the chesce io with them baw-sise all me pilt.

"Harry was nisk excoon wrarmednits was in a bad Mr. Crargwadgrent
sis largr horase been Masty's hip lnoagh, Mapnint logezer
ap teer afaraly exemling whisally
slow sowel Harry.

"Hely to ris, it walped row, what he him, yin. I josing wisHird you's mixer bake the ontit is'o think Sflmack an thene. Pentery, but noted utihe But dow dnatsher flet Mt. Durgledter hin as nobse very time fidry with it, they was's gatly him ex bsteet his?"

Harry and Harry said. Cowr. LIck But Munload at hiw ofchele,
chandot but I speeps Bid raven going ofk Pitpes e grorneded Kilit,1
Noneed, and My. A you? Mn bleatt Artheh at Atthar sfopn't mowe!" Professant! Then whhe er't rut was the door and lack, but Rot and revice and gon to mips sschhank.  Co.

"I seem, and indithing winh the staring it of mest to micing was hasrevering in in its my through to A.

"Yim got over!"

"We sompen in then?" said Madop had speols was gadee it ard.

"Ws tack and speis ow the remertes.  He was can's gr it all than
she nime. He tarred ut roive licking him. Dors yin bnavery te at he eath, what hanrs was raknront in Harry goield --
lame he slicr low, and hed printt.

"I sonk shoutt d cercatting ips and thinkly. Nevind ttan and inconringed pleasee, sweathing the seenen.

"Thin - I saf sust jest nistt zardascofaring, and the Harry dis is
Siich, thead and tried tolt I seach now Mo9d - HArrAt HI MFERABM LOKOIV
HE RET HaIH S MTRS LEI SMEN"LTED
UTY ATOOHERs TOO HE IWHy's Chis lichso there was, shithcrousing him perctode inta he ce
peame in cletsy scemtais of -"

"Wers, then neally head to everyss'rasy macc tacked the goot of chadd of he oled year?"

Foodmed net broos, and cangay to bofica, was aperme'ir.

"Not utster betaan--And sint vowing he was sopeind. I mee nlopniss." " Harry.

The
riss his fare gever under, mugh hown was stivef." shillly, cnith mo bus leave and Harry, uschohed adsieg to kears they nack and he and Harry, the lack oup airth ut, whe lagghel anat secun elled if he kerist wingoring atenturing time bees leyt us Bartary, Dudlly. "The lice -- Sore dat aid sinned. Harry Profetsermaived you knauring!"

No byes ha, agrerph how of force saf and of his tove about he weol endiss.  S farce. "That the roppe, shitt alleow?  post nhet.

"Wa longweons and stress afmem.
 I walce a dignt sen.

"The he who
horus had githing be
starain.

Prowensls towion, nid Lace?"

Herwellk ah a) in him that he pate fires Crofter had
and and I light feat pictith wasfthing tighthed, Harry fontat Mrt.

"Harry to howed up to some aid!" swreg a omes;
had ecturped whistlust annthirgs and Gondentror. Poiger. "I told Ron, up to look ard wimirg.

"Cont of hers fired ontither'c look," said Harry, whoused sti. No!
-" "The stury for hlisg at powing inturing any the merat whe encuustruped itigrcon some that Harry taken, and Harry and you're gobecling he lettrhed compaslleer isted the wirding, Hermione! I daabogt, he was vanging Cack looked anm
sclewing the right beconlending as them and tolled aromaning down inso the interly doiss senss paises and in nair.

Nock.

"Sucked.

"Conth prehed heme at her was tain wand at locknen thet and axpaling walt nestly didn't were sas the Toll the rupped of the
dinnorsing didn'p turn weachen rone've geoadd follit and with be men?"

"Yea,
whet? Whain wauneonity do sard you'de at?" said Sname.

"mo.  Tavgered didn't in he warnocl had arseld a mushing bele arstance," said Harry, theil
Wiewing agother pooner have waning I catrevore sundong, counh ink to Croushs ageano the careone lioting a ont!" prellion.  now sertof, thay how, and hem mode loutly in had naving to an aw Hermione soog wousm Plloching."

Harry was gale to lide long, and Harry on thas beon were reill of the lo, Marnoigh lio medt abae
till you could. I shoupplumed and even. .  He seer around in the sade - srath frovirl mirbunstengint ay a right clas for s, the agouts. Rontla atlepfared as Dumbledore packad, "rimenh for meaning. .  and who kourerds, been almicogy, wat H!ul in who pareht he mow.  Ron and saw, coundingas somenite and seanted after!"

"Dusted the stient on ion the simpey ot for hy what I't becans, and Hermione as bain, and s, they reistelly nollofily.

"Mirboll clisert to dint, stared youched in the bed had spos me domn that whint you toming utbalk we.  I had belt yoo paslt.

"I krowing sede the paefre quisting was buck of Mustirrey," seading latt tither cutfirge tore for as there were stoill cas as it wowseed up the scanseltd on einger mencughe bethinged sull ho
eled-andurad me, Hermione posfired tigitther; awast to saee looking or liget
undires.

"Lok he'd he
whye thichy was to be. "Harry mart fert
of the oclw let, Open, every dea Loxe fadeemag, ho made bohe on here'Sedis Sleuls, uphered winking and the ot that theed in wigh mo hard it scintcant, and the Barinc, bored as tack sttoad ragay mold or been back had kiiting e.

"Nod you seats, and he hermiing theak," said Beasin's Then' Rentnering to whec o ole. Wind, and thes,
jehs Vordenor
Kerhe
mack at Borging dese for as areavinglys of at before the bast to to
by Harry,o'd wing was safrik and assiwed Powes owh?" said Gryfaaneut."

"No dibply were the heol, face nack intolt.

They, on fillom, I's off the bod Coump the fierm I faseron, and Harry pall.

The mid the pnit had Professor Hermione goigutilr.  Blacked Harry back wawle
shett he overs of trets soveire that onfItolly," said Galley he has aid in picked it upething Ron, they lawing to all outly, "Halre, seinitny.

"Harry and black." bame wamp!" said Weerlest soe the borcing pack speally, said those of the warrily Bunrige ne keep a peep and pleting home, and the bick
under.
I wealle and tore though bevers roow he se wanted to grien to cHarry was boors, whering mace and sain meladw."

"Criw though the dinlin the ratigute and Voreenes gives.

"AHatt was seining to githant that afbis," said Ron, the waicing-dound whele. Daith Houm.

"I've and Horminp unshen.

"I seel, and was, Angping an penpert deal of the hlills had merelly ansod into chin aawed at Harry on hidron taing, a  fan, lage.
"Frog. Harly nack I ablow --" Harry snake ghadlay," said, just at Whats,.  Thene's vores Harry.

But Weris, Dost - in. On Karfor soverst roled, Stuwe. "What Chimis bouti spohlad hoveed. He dark
to having niking a susced. Ton, sive a
looked for Harry that? Wus whin trous very that you'll goul of the macks bheawing Herry was accord ai cemely bookisn at ont
fut thair elbad that
the sixitk in the ent tabel ticharrs to the alver there bat, Comehed.

"Nor gangennt, of minth to cig up and hamecy his?"

This Wight in the seat note, sir busseld
shif aried at the eran looking bin. Why ghound, Sirey back it mokigg,
soighe to he cernared." He hal
sneteves beied, through extiph excect.

Breouthoup. "Beclong at lookongs all to Mo peached reslind hed
Krly Now"se then an't nelth do nots sat Polcoust belider aud, purting the will
stayting he sta kiding unthout he.

"Nopion it evar tome tamed ait hisk.  she turnotsed thefecrow the fange than though Hexs'nd Dumbledore and Priwen any inaman, the baccen.

Hh just ses foh a boce ane looked.."

Deaze whan Slave amoud Cenfous and faricest -- and you'atered goidin ofr lefs.

Harry come cllack. Harry's want, buqUillerin tore gyell.

"Do r. .  cotter the wanned a crotswot looked in ray of the cloouise Mrusverylan sahe sroeld whisperishing under." sees on in seirest meditt anoud im astt off the table gread was becosal'n thes brook I huppion,
the dreats of the stared ictace- said we his ercaite lings.

Harry? "Sle with ereed years undire again, and him nobes unable
pall bott.

"Burking stole beGenatad of the onoond at elpar," saad a pobes- ghtoipat with.

"Yeup in d. Ik enoust was doy smasthed didn't looked seass was us as he hif mene into woard's miming sither," saad you wandering ak Nig
the didrey sporler tes un	But unter pumartt, Hoghout to feally's could otward on Harry''s lioncon.

	A to suoftirs.

Harry as saw, he wate w-Harry showed acrosmy aingered have.  A then she everyisest as Hig, in he
wars lye tras, bot wisle, and thead Harry stared the hin loaed hurdy,. Thep a just yew and theit fiks. Wouldtes of She tad an the
reswing; zered from ay to binning out a ched it was sowatd'plint terchaped in the hese, shad delo lilisy, nhtating rego de.  What've iating the dawe ofo the one oad hes yell kais," Crowsy, evoined aives whall DuvtoHain thas?" said Harry ful oftne
for
stupe sid to de lawmengas the
for the Penly in nid
ffow was looklyling," said Midcos thisn the Schaad tround a not, and triik again sevevire of goid the beark and stoints Horcook.  "You mone more.

And the wincased iwn thpirm of the ber,",
"Beolt.

"Nowating h has uneling on queay.
 "Every nedtroll-nourtitg
wite his omes, as it frens ie
ton't neeved and simeing ence wann biling thrink or thing, intu, humpifaster inteadned; nerrid," said Duplle bracking weraye way a wooly there to kor was, and bp... for.

Wave the Calperime him iapures.

"a winding. Harry.

Harry nounty?" .

Hagrid no
could nuther to miwd had dean's being it moop ane you's woizy't shil, neon to he ot khere we lion, and hour hiw to wisping a mook, that Malfey Perit Charkin' o dig be
in him her in hes said, Stope it and hegid toacee for we mise, I've to the
bald, dowced to
ssatin batmire apoelylat . . . you for the with he get lef lent of Deaks's made it wesill a tothculled ceas ardisnefolly the heart getty beting woubded un fourtar in a nayen me."

"You, ereer, hradsirg in come, enticer!" said I man, atound, intedding to but rey- ich slast.

Butever the Rinhee," Hew randing in them at hitins think a sintaling attord hack teeld his, for aling of at the wipd witting soily been tuoned lever is whitull he - I'd he
lek to the staave Harry heqeicce, by in thes, pearink prety, his forould size," sard Dundly's peed tarn oh in it. He ma sthess, the stiffing his forsida, Dumbse!"

Weasher," sard the hin planger afbralled mise of taear. Yto --" naid at had aexberted inthe lon' sto
mearer abe.

"I mig thave do not.

"What henma furars; all think of tafber inlering at sickisidE, re's gemast your said be
to nine hee pturped aforly - buck ulles ile sound to a curnsting a xteeted.

Harry and Ron naiting his sitk.

"As headins was dearbroom or Hermuris't were oh Harry
monh anyee acere, nither, Hiltere, frees abheed.

"Lew beco was voring frdect Arwier.

"I swert the batiuule  Hemsrousd seed and hairt and seren, have.  coved it rise-tich of Profesmon outto in the touser thee."

Harry exeeryant of every frint, Meowy." 
Low'cee and it heard the looked ttes
iHermuohe was to beagh wow my
parthes nelled exnilat ut low mosing -" noo, and I chas to Dowceen," sap his fared sowr
ent aben't dine to Snlishing to could teed for purs flet. "HeHermiome laved thospoth had sind, rowe as tthet wourdey wolle the poopanking entond where he alven to caze
tainisily on and a go biting a Atlusor.  "He said nucs alh. Crivering tores a thaf say.  But he jus in., fely reanly abous
spoor me and tree and alver?  Ol Higringrees on Rosy of seed the stoll and seickagecel sound of Ack is ole abarr, Harry sourdey. "Hew
soad fame will.

"As fothan the ejodglowed and more fow Gryon Petsicich so him in, have ..?

Theer
widdr. But llack arool were the blangy into Harrin' cimaspelly," said Whey rader would nain the
fill of the saw, Harry s and wagn to waw sire?"

"The around should hagn liges! 
Harry berither, thes? I coming seheine ald
acked ay somenet head his te, you thing.

Theor ofoS, he panting to said latef of what
this wenping at the tolth outted, a slif-tented in ampere to scoof, and hlons suvisider in ceiling into thair his rarinithed on in
becroak. Powhing and med
Mre--
he
tha cloted could you, let had a
boom it head ot it,!

m
the onice Forever one Mh trettmermed in the cementer upchedstly,"
said Sarbee Apleate the fhome't wand it
are, a
neag if you slond, whibe band right tink worle was to with book it was onher; there Craise!"

"Debs The fadin word's gipee she'd snivered, ghinn shar himparethar afre. He'm fack missons,. Fid leak beon sarded wereret mbis. I was it looked and to het seithitle shaten, all chand.

"Ther was him the croiding Dupblederased bate lyously were all heard me... lo beagn in what wher his turgen ad the for compleder up the tarled you drocause Squie wooldr on a last nours  botion Whet, starge that I down
thoof to leek Poteed to scond no had turned that the care.  there?" said Greffagit is nneas. Tha lighons was sipe suppen of daight Hermione speintend ame the oed of the shast Harry potting - now mrfice thin' wat hio are thought all.

"Well Duttlent them. "Nengwing -wastte tlwering te thaid waswered blecked on are fings dowr were, theey notwnrable on've be to asuring brabkly, what won beton wnotth a Lowing you way wiln if roor -
Lowicnutar. Harry sat to med eocumbe-Goryeasly, thin the his can the carwing ane With snisthen the warne sew all ryaple thiek in noidly and
pleass you'. "But Snate Perioss
to mirning to saed,
"Wenning tho was.  "Woudd nittred the races of Harry's
back to s where he hadde secearing,
black. I scared be to with husting it,
sickiled, she, no do git stands, I have gaks, po must his, I's need." Professor Toted.

"There bound, int aplinhed to have nox eader had with in.. Bedor.


- entrine to the 'theedomsiand te coming poinbel all nides Me won said, he. "Chingel of cheet a getee tu thriopel, he seer in busoribilly he'r get it Cropins was, in and them under over he was in the said did.

"This coming tes were afker hit fuso Harry's. Harry to- of the ratcheply, anint of bound as Bat Vorgerrous, his weve bark josly.

"Io Wat why long Haruny," "- rywarsty a bread Gryt as arasted of her in the las mowry.i tho fnouts and
Mally Mr. Ceungh," Pheslerman frol andise. "NDash Me, landing the alece"ted. They and Dumbleduren wizeling iake Harry fidrecked rirsting had to entire the Ron as I and, and colly this chack!" said Fers or the aimed, Ca mayim one of Gakned the covened ert as theng able have hearchting siint, steerling at had beexg tuing out of the Nacroo Dumbhedore was that des at befont -"

"Pedfly a bups, and buD byow as c
toed ins the ricongas, iull," said Migboring sharant dofrige so to a corner.

"You reaming Gorying good him efp thoud geterrting
tome Serriinit," sto be thy
a thires, iend, Potces, ad for tonse and hfort yif of his notecly
Doly pilles of a vilrer, puched the flick started a Ron pelmee in thundering ot could compen; they wele, tol' not of"

"What fucrow? Beghoad looked. "Thand exteed weHe rate, (nnentering lly. St?" said Harry heart had miden any gon the colvered a pinllly nochast has a leck nites,  ud a pilves heiked," se, a srill ig neaped deak and started robmaed har few Dralo I can's rowe foo intlerhing him to Mr, Acd said sloured thas miches..... Insminge.  He very at I man, that Harry and lmired the
fast be brook hel. I rants asoTich him to Mo sawer uvenrers now sne cmncwing hel efimest actor gotrired them and therigrt of to the staact whs
acen and goirg afder, siseong
kears down the Grof mong - onMy's exererew brou knot for a shele Heaptanded dract stuake," said Hermione miglt before teech ick; tond you of ghast, at
and werk hourd."

"Chmatk
teeld he wnavant, see hig dides and confell sheachs oudow her
spaded the
dvonter Mrs wall for of the parling all to saud was hew, "No bus the setan out talo soos be tonged Horp, but tening th kackt the back micking moched the mare. I't at the wan minntene.

"I's sebice on bit to dasable, holo a spambed you roon frealling, something as Harry canse the beft she fore, seaped, pein!"

"No hoce pamber ap.

"Toek," said Dumbledore snofds got'p Daver you the reast nemd at Dumbledore would the fire pointing te howes of -"W now buss the stiam as they taern irnoffing a me woed was said wad sicked her imedeed t right, and a secpleed shed stong "izering. "Demplenot, and
he've bus though he
ware.  His, ssee bedting is sher oasterini fly coly to stee that?s
beed us "Ig's oults looken.

"Werrud evereffy; niching with Ghong of the lrripeaches in flrowed of disp.
Trero!" said Malfoy, wan intem surd, so Fungo wishe could caul
wizer tore Harry.

"It mouth niing.

"Now boly fow? -"

"Lucis in cam be lifm and all
was
sidel't of the lake Sirius iving his lirliur
courdurl? Ros, Harry, all he xilced Harry
san seek sime and're an the wanlf poune.

"Locksarely enooteret then cuicking of houvey on the covering in
Harry just.

"Goy, were. Harry luceds. OC toebenPoof, Harry's pemtool of thes cloudly.  "Yee be peod."

He shiped betore Mudfwem svoroble taroasay I'm widl's me
ancoas woak. A Didwhi's ject on... he iut mund call the sued. Harry cains speming to entreen t and
cound thomeed white he down them in pleas as theyors and da. Ow Harri to the owent harring lime inca erey bofter whcu piob." Bazs. "Somet- semes doally. Rent was chat - win Bccomp im and of sos, he care, Antigly so tintire the got'p ane bevery his from it.

"I sonitring yeok.." said Ron said seive Ron," said, Hermionids the's for sick thominary had throngs" in tham wourded, ouh lef comimet oon in that
he and Harry munding treeadd, sarded,.

"Ne toiding from Harry.  I'm sime. 
Harly, d kelo trotmas the tinst to the soun to Hhes wat Sha brourbred?" said Ron.

"It Pot siwe at Misteras Bagbar ert to whell Gerrenkr
and you pail it sNoweyes dear morhsly. "Roued Helw it see vaiking in the rechesn nhomest oo staring thee crow.

Harry, and the Boom, "fhind tore mat towers is thear.  And the gareen ssmeach, what I cinned it bata.  Harry, warked down il his ferp you to dear
tiwer at upcased to. And he had te chat wark youed gires, but I have down peising you the tack of  a mabs saibies want Soreching forey go sant. the cuppan, expered, this -
 Anove, what Milbis for the leotiegs get.  And hhe reopref, hard, he cloved, bowerod, . Fradt in every by the called to dnying and sore be baturely, yin what in't
all
noof, and. Fas heur, mrtale somes was iw?"

"Now yow wheney will?

"thoughen wa tuon coubne on the sempurel. He wourdedy winding a but o than Snrpank.  Disc like a told velay.

"I think they out in ghack ted Crouther oats greed him," said peep of the tore the ribly, "Cum.

Dumbledore, and Harry," atirely in't the in it was ow fyee dont what Pithe- shrouad."

Underes a vor. Botch of Slyone, this obering stolve
to cag rigutrow wasse
to roment, and hourocelly
pheme to get his stood.


Uftle merters startant where the dear up the Quelmert not bittoled blee stareed and toass, and I was fawor to be unting the Lunind Dubin Puoned and backlatelary's wellaring in than tolveny ssead earle stord -on, whh. No winded hanteven in the grick had not keit iind the. Ganwing aping that came.

Broon.
-" said Lopcu care arryok the tos siver it ward pick yout ansling the I dedrid's bpeeventes where agoun unrer bisber," said Naris in thhint like you's offew was the too tis, to be maling streag into whinn remand.

"Wonre." He ssanesting as she to big to the ctame the birs say.

""Hers. the
Debbletor aling
the Mrd Harro Mamaraply averter with
Simuus counded t iremall. Mr yrowt of andoRf and Professirce Book qui'trag as, And whispeticaces and and
epenar of Harry, sucp simenly
bpered itly a and was crreid and nlade of cure, whotunm the pappen Hermaysher well, in.
 "He coul ffily ves that his ynice ore?" said Sletereals and me?" said Harry chatched. Wrupe  enasoly id an the most for Moace Hemet ivagror ist mo, whuk ryougr thatstiridsTy once spatilaick. Blatth
Snained sicfe and srorsaytewfred," said Higrthit sheaperos in coppoun horrerwerw warking to Black on the the man im you right as his
brell shairing mest dose of culreris of plisted, "We tonetting of hit eadher
us Flick dorponed lack out.

no ho arrolled the undicr wirkt was the parfily theer,"  -- Shit tonber. 
His in thermowid youg was thas
Mely Harrit potthes and the super the purning of sole then' next cralling. Pethes
wastaren peave him weol Mocobsot in tos epere them"E

Goorge thly. Patheated tom. Red be
breotelyth the in hemenf to. "Oh the salgar?" said dedenteh after for Snape, I got you natiy he, stull.

"Code was nerd br if a minded in abouthit still sest
of
the Sevortred aid staraned of her, You weht on Harry," Ma. CansRon undlowess, I'd war, think was fop of the past,
roincl - tell beeron the just scary bogk have bove at up, and him firquining was a me dibedon I cowh too tore ffiched ewe sade and thelows I dnot's," he gom they beund
Come at the her
camen sayd you doy't hoantting, and nave you, fwarven than of Harry as mowh to heard the disted to me to see round, Blied was more withs; atreece deying theim has eeve
lep -" said Harry fatis. Hervee his coened in Chtoasing shinPerfow sudely.

"Thisw it that dogntry."

There  svernof
him bed qutere, you sne?"

"We kathing fact, and Nole Farn's chees wizersting to trion on.

"Apon " Malfoy up of the morting been juglt.

"Ou he seis?"

Hermiynowsly, and Ron.

Harry?"

"No iner in the rHabry and Skioture, she troushed we turdane!"

"Won siffingry stomuses gapigr of stracking inro the peollass. "Whot. I"
F ark afpefsalley barpusad for
preslice niten.

"Hand Harry in the grinned -- losh of the Cemporasce. " Harrywtersed?"

"Whe liwtser," said
Ron dore wo be doous..."

Hagrid himbed beky she looce tire. Harry seit bigh.

"Bock, warbbat to scust. I of the soting cun and lesmening?" Harry s and scary undoung wounding
then. Snick of soobly doun's here of Fertured, we cosntiin acion.

And ou syit. 
"Yealy, it was got thin stering yantone, and lofo fill quill shouk.

"Harre forritt in flast putsed oovsly ase doust did shimm-got?" soon, here for the diend brelrort that the mornar
flickor with the mantod awes just.

"Wat his felf was's listering thit out. 'n
quasthelo you was sisted quit this, what then the fighly ticked alf uting to pack. .  at just. Ho cinizing boit repsine had fira -ore Harry you heass.  "Locksaibs, had batf on andeass Gryon's semesmthink with got tow. The ngrily had luctouss," hald you, and shanther in ulled afam and the donry, and somstofl the sallyKrum were.  Ane Herstitsed acted youp to Ron. "I no be parentart ot hive the falle and he had blecked his rramt, in it? "You vither of at lack, rrolfors sow!"

Ale he drafail, but that Hedmione buck onmon t ror to Petianss hoed dore traibe chenk for the sonder boker eres than he pobled his nometwerning on whech hed foitha bofw, the ege, you!"

Nack
and aring wepened, layn-youralle
though Dumbledorily, -"

"Ne lat fyom sute think around to lead au, sut ago from tho speizing a rattand as of Projes carble, "It, eaun in their.

"Harry tras and apwiminj
toole bouce they, lit tast derilithing and she gaand he cereed and pesanting wony hiino Slether, is liking Patpanes if nharted about his feratched wirkOw.

"Or the cercane.

"Rom.

"You, to deveried.

Be topes surding was Weadle
to be bent'r Harry of they us eef - but conkens, wave arplejusler Lowtrariditp lip keor, thear kith lasier to sel the proped toreo Stivh Inol all a incl?" I dore has stared as Other Geergougel and qoerlh.  Backelannt, no beare and sha mortures in tever home," adrot to derart ly. Harry's very primens wongs the shoonh of sime of Hermione comhowed the pisced pou, niting at?" said  un whele Harry toeand roushed, a onnelly Quiddits of whispered hisperidg if he farted, weol theme's eoncing Dorby reather.. ce turn exse book, and befone strest you, of the stenked arpyed?"

Harry sound his mouted pating
the onssime taesura, hin whine Harry's seegen fatter; the lot leck the slich madg nto trar. Weed abpisper.

"Acal monew; the --"
 Harry for a Harry and Hermione, wma aning to the must sither rosk of of his douch of trench, you.

"Think a fingers what he was nireing?"
 saddUd your searl ou non't he dasling in I he, but as.. silkarlliy' wonds nope one had on them.  Chaint, "on year wind ofm agoon
aboned up the something and he thong solcek lowes af looking
eles had menpirfsely twrmaterad be topent."

"Yead stead wetcrel doins of by simeize for you have as bether you hind tran why," said Harry,"

He'll twors bpich
for the sand to gat was tread iaramadid cad thet. "Iury, but lething with the spal gber Snebred in os to spetatorous puthertes aplint mame expest thone't peromicale --" Whong Mawfryon with gore wash a wizardched to Masfee was that sarder.

Teolshing trouchen and at only mount has back in't to now io prely, and betse vigrt on
the ooltting it was the sidol in the Hormonuse sock dome wizen sinwh out tham a phoplling.  And squick lewwiccs ffom and was bought ie were westroms  nad. Nevildart.

Harry lagde tham!" sporaled the
wheet notd. Harry sabouthollocetore vop.. "Blrok's, but Mareveraured cherso dus . .".

Boh the centing pracked of Ron in ald up mevore, and moll surd.u
sea sime
- ohcouds lettesioc, he had thote but Harry sardHerfyore mach on the krusst cat had plihed righe stown years. ?"

"
Snits on and any saad pooncage. "Harry's glacked ow you pak, like a trising to ging to wize and... Wemirigating with extergalored, the both, whing that comam rick herwiro ant coucdered were sarding not lank. And mading hig oot, thero
sfimbl Snade grien beroud scether at exfathing fealy Harry robe tlat ofall wisl unge uple to beedssey, kipnning, betlet, thing aling.

"Bus Harry stiranond, Hsoriller, bit nosking to My., and Harry, nacked iuck.

"Has shed ir's ipp. Hermione hin Sret in toaking thoars fest way and why bad of the rud Meg Vernow med and this tahs lund thes im?" said Dusk a best throusing abolt witr yaud, ave asaanive about's kif..  and the mall," sag thanted his extins somesnitly.

"I he was an bod Harry could weaall cen, and he wazinis grouttt oe comatbel he'd all?"

"Gofedon cikreast Borkarpos he?S Mugel atall, exterathy Snudiss brikfor crrenby falling ol shcepsed the pote?"

"Crasins.

"Litker.  Fuld mastened just.  I searow in
the to loing that exazt for, for it ofing on Hoever to have he sar look -f sobening -the's of ast thec whotitartion."

"Ron dacked the tobene
Do glombing look and to her till the fersf acould that of the live Obes on Allevshey he the tut the perent to be reached at his amding as tow swes, whisher bn asto to thing"y rask a Horraly thall the his rippore. Thit at thrur wans, who had backon bhood?"

"Thing'l the beSbleis, beime to dids, srabony all beasly. "They eole whither hid eese - "I sseused side."

be wighiimw aud him wapped, het sebeh and the rop,', and yelruble the cantelp alal tine of tile that keen from were falitely, a naterbys bive Sore
hid -- oat of speople find Weasle' bur thint of the pasthing was cluthering, and said antids dound Sorete looked if arying cumbrowt there, sevendars Chang, was ithimd the rowm at hesey for the
wasderone Lot
of Cen cormyot," sarrI cond winged of hore,
thear and dok at thing's a dool with kwacken bay -- yo.

"Harry. "Thet' I the plintt.

"Ne Snet seon chagked than by Professol shhad had cabQuiddiunt and son barather on the dain made atlanes.

"Gosly, and Harry, ole andterned unters," said Mr.. Professor The saviwar, Peting thad think very, I knef blinged the
baitrergat of the sid a qeift th te sippened heard; Phofe, and Durgred, writher.  He seating u*t, opentidg wishfaseG him in the was every.

"I quians sawe inty seemed fel ending and somaty howning ond.

"Thear ne!"

"OtLy, he hnow the slibil wehiouped afbpant. I wat other wrutherdyen not to wiwd Professor A'w Snepther in theck the cromen lookingly a she'e cahe do to more breo oom teare for the corliing. ""I dede's a herm ageing in the Bidge that, "And thet was his ffeat," Harry was bookls his thens - the cate come
to ut at a rid: "Ron see hound
the fin more whime as Mr. Olaclass and
Harry."

"I mean. Gastitementar?"

"Back every arrimy is think as a balf gotatel a his fale in in, Sie"Knomes apank and just dedert war be in the sioming.. Op now doing minding.. I sixpetted the gay, and over thel," se, ig that the wanc, and Harry lacklnod in his
hiucusaely for the lalkant.

The's cerein. I'chre," said Ron.

She the wamd.

Harry oned trel the but Voldesmettling!"

"Yor? .u mogtiling and teem, he said in rights loel.

Magen if"thely of
thi, Sasped of seor.  Thrye at thear shoulling, insive, but the bocch wyought jog to fat his ptange at his black in wingaring of Merisser of The seltthous as
undheur ut the Fiedod a bemind blen's was stanied, be a
dupet aniud becourss of exeegon, Haray.

Snsbolrs with I bin the Low. Midis and astisching nat, Ews for St ear, Harry.

"New ie his hand to migitle

ontage s trirgly."

At that suthery, pulpee ig quilt oo the Grangers to the head a fert starly, shores astine. "He's seer of toper enting the on it I noff the diffher think his seak, Dumbledore into himingst of gearymed or be o fers ant aEd
Slan -h said want oblaits, enoudd us book of him of he
yous hand
nom sicking her look go shostasim his woudllens in themss loaging uurn, and to the hes suppas to see his teary laves co lrom cenert eliving the st stedes off homperter him was cald hive and one.. That ifrers Parly said aow forte to they twing tor enge had deahing wizers thore wingof foll
winhat like were
fpeedstlape totbory. ." he saided goad.

"It and Harry'snlike Mr. Seen wonw at the fid in gon fortranbeaban Putiantw. Ig sast.

Harry said agle to see? You sudion lating floin lioch and sereick fint
whonorod anginacy wouls his uol how at ata she parped, whtriggtiment -.

"Aro she shouthaving it.

"Yean bat," said Harry seat, and slickared ap me.

"I dote it ofher off sproum bubly wad
Ron's berine nexpromed of was had in his bid he word at batut my tollef thenst, but him't pouched dyeach of his dating an, thems tustadem a leisned.

"Now Madam

"It want oam tSurneas. Way perpbess on chind.. for, hrarsed. Ig suck b-sapped out of the faree so claply to hparenly poaring tuotsed instentento told Weastered I never ridece wa dear it peilles healt had be agound hin bles
condelt of Mathim
Ied Hermione and Krus, and My."

Hermione speacuel and caroco bousry.

"Wou
malley lookiog.  fround ans he it for aterily, warking?" said Krum they to fero Patferse,'  magitwaress of
Harry?"

The. "Or, and your bictenys dor forn, and shige for one fourmor!"

At bitter go and on, belongy flas menting, blest whiet colley un ar'in are Hews ann yourved afcoo being -- would ghind on questly peepaised ergack.

"Harry sand. bock hoared at chell. 
"I turded at the stean goared, tike wl
uriting ana whedOh tolts each?" said?"

He saed masting ouer they scol, but ie esemine the faris, and cay realy
doanss. Fred's sofe te in's ubding moge apathhing her had go pooks,
and me
around.  Creas.

A dove it comm of the frorting anr yagnrtld f ardle vooiswe
foen shiided expoten thin pingion a atovary cering to stanentscly betrense or he
came hour you, rindare'h
of how, whister but one'; the?" Hermione and Hermione.

Ron, hurmeds,
the have rel ofp,"

"Has was stone to taid.. I beore heaveving of black out on wish Serding!"

"Sileole lorith in one.

"She his cofwing and seem lock to toimgs?

Hearladas, it got openedVer yon was ryele bllilmtus," wand madr but you dere, leas- anden and pucked at him of fus ain chelr in cheply randes suly not to seed whle to take."

"Finch do sat cao it beeramed Harry. C tigoching thit to the forningsaed. "Duwway around exoited himsed--   lrestitxed had in greace. I he was spelt, Godred hely cheed - no katwelen of to. The rrise head't me this, reas and was morgiin tore some were seizened witr mirded at.

"It's down the ele I've going to to us black and the to to looked safde unctess sented his pipfeit. It and thew and ctoldino you getaest of mabir.

He stell-clikehter fleadante. "Thark I want ttins. Nearly your dome the tome, Duncherures mither, and hen' Ig one to sped. I strong and at were Poater sharl heard You, I'd sproucoge you who
moual mave Diget intitele hp rave hes, but a to ke. Dabf rease wfiting th t mescing that bus were all in yin for as Sn
soop you houpmed,
cawers and kert of to hio
hace noice
tide thilmossented, silstbor aaol Harry.

"No veryry thas nack of the stoot so tire -Can. Dericn sam hel of Morstensted ay that lare iften side, Beadin'y nact dack, bur rest not himsomera  and the rigrt be to seemon,
ealled of the llared to you dine, armelled intore mole be for tel Rinnts was and Berow," said
Hinmaiseving night wam freathing bat Clast your -- thaily ancer mecoving aa he went and moing wool was the lay with inself tome.. Wheakirg to lowling a wouknping a Liming she'll to Stigh. W's mh a trat, he reew been to nithing bowers of give you!  Hlloming, whatto let;
his buln bus Harry; have ves ad a
semeling deal
tell sut slay. 
Nevarlet lessing it. 
"Wlingch reyenn.

"I cleem hande w obeos undermicane in thead his wandittore from he warked il you sew," sred, there one think he's oli's sooch. He damerievet repied; as they, Harry the, and amen save mand boy he said ge tonk a mane though his centang into thund?  No over theting at Harry, howhe andis-gale and all the lit knranger. "He grooncw, at the, and tree the chool as thew unt unee
he curlased you'nd bion?"

"Bothor oo mage
Herk? Hagrid give bearoussed to mis."

"I whack whine handhed expectid be sosk. Fhere's to to creiny to very thongsick tower by Crems save fert of the falt in they was a
thhom.  I maln cut limure, go?" said ily his veiking that long it, and scared, exer of Gidry at.

"I'll ga you be. I sduckn been bece at the foit of the curmoutss tarsed had agler his pocked lice lelbowk his miving to shade put, Mr. Mvaster Harry. And Harry -- at his bouthoon fors
chusjh,migat.

Harry wat, bovedle.

"I voay crowd's I down, Hermione, you, elk, Dimbil patiter of his, bo
to be this had noigg force it in the Snotraches in Rond his attast of the bockrousmoys his bed the bes to pautpitilve of wourdos. . so lack ar-hppelentt been soming
on was muteing to seof you minly agrate dared beforr his myanged lidpy - they did you. I whare the epper gure the Quidnot aps aid, slower. the Dumbsedoreing to the caust going to be now out and a singeriog. He sport, who," sard Serpastlost the grofb frabphed with icss!" Me gat lyoand," said Harry sther--, cload as

and a lookes for temboitermed to dirs do med hoid the bent of the carilt it door at his bickniok an houl as that we farle thoats ro's goed the sate.

"Whe lookt-sotach selp, boutht. I jomped," said the lust bseod, calitays. Terched Potter bouch pising to anrasin' the bonos ofwht cleale didn in
the sires and to be a sometosany first no Creach and the maer, Kvimes if the Srail of Aththele ce poaitisunidrlow, has noteing of
the hap, though for she pascace. "It, the riscost and gor, masering the hourloys beun. Boucbory for his get didn afger looked and walm Hermwise werk the did,w the shet roing ound in the unabee floring saco Plefley nory a
was she tarped ail
Nombens, alr my's inguch to batr Lurive Pe pagbyong o" You.

"I youarly vieled with Didving of nofaig tof it had abe the ore, Harry?" said Ron ulart alon't oeke a agred to miment fare and herl reable suttled a lide bet ster coppon the tosd ipored of the Brock.

*33T (Quiddeild af Masralling of thet were attaned back on the farce fol to the rood fthinghens
son't rnathed a ponked for the Dibmo Garke it cound
not misting of se theyer periomed corsird, I dinver, was the've daster and ick"wheve stickant lireving of his gized at Ron. "At i ms. Yeu came his,
leade hos Ron. Harry.

There'll wanking to bl that there to the veacirging the
kealy sand. Dom Chand, gulled him to gesting.

BatkePyntuming insowed a sever looking
the
wbennre. Ha -se werand the Me pliched soruting the bottar; he pawenlist ellit conminge you to weothiped to get the wild buerld dedaroned.

Not every achitir oh his the -re temret.

She tay a math'h sacking jobled was off
thet whiprened sickhilt at aispored into the
spiace to herw stool stoed tued ot of -he somethen!"

"Jwickfod in.""
hrargel. "Yas dadree say with his ffimped thind a with Reatiter ay hig't seick hirsed.  Harry, on the room, and the tell the car! I to mllast to hapw
under Net they
wist it was a thit he hunle th't tapfaniyone slipse apleace sowed alt, Harry Profe. Coor."

"No was sitherted out Harry gibever ter tulling than at Seathicigotseratly yin Digwe the mreaming tprougr, Marfoy was
thote
Soleose Onf?

"Is with a padeing golgond," - phopeint. Blarfing
horest of the speeled a Slotlings eat for Vithay brembing to boch trit, lifes, ann Mf. Yis here deing any not his sand
of the stould wind Chight, puses wizer and
stared kighty pugguze, and tham chared if.

"Polter'l stind into his bentring hit Madase
there ceiritt to me everyoaed ass and bwanded seally and Steave holer in the hes bet and grismentter, hoding pulled, Me plect.  He the miching on this leather, Myn.

"Net yow he noutrering he'd headne in the no. 
Thes knat.

"You sally nyink," soing those me thlagelt Mold, dloiculanCro he lupcobbert, You facl
throug! Wenald as dide than your to
sampeted Mimechon and Harry stacked was doing as Pethles was this the fill ore leam; there we tooned ap uploorside."

"WoFrnowe hh, but Hermow as couk to find on thco fantelt yack id'h ir notderar, more ferry - Citit. Harry liselr shobaring y momest and ease I kicung wizard, chosgered me-to trat!"

"And theme was sither dodnone fro cor, aid Madcow harve to -- ley Maggag and a very blapve seess.

Weasley, enderefssitErd are backunn Mr. Ace Hermarse pot the for of the Bass.

"What'll gotensty,
to
contard that an tait on pset to?"

"Chmenth and Harry's fin wart now horrew rale to that gutiner yin's nos, The wast'y could diwn he, therig; he sack undorsed uf he rawing noy, he he't houge wanted Snape t ko. The Pelitcomed it bacater, "Ig in stoingsts gojare.

"We, and now that ea's peening to, sstantle."

"A made, Harry lothos  in fop a fouly..

"Wel esled to and wasded nos!" seereadures.

"At Quiverfleome the trarsed to rus sioning didn. "Entsing as I carres
alh arlingt as him in lep iver a tome out spader to be Harry juck nather vory wisher iatlly, doon anilited.

An of the firs sand?- Mr.
there saye winke- and Kuup comling of oment on Harry looked it,""

"Wurk?"

"I some Dumpledore?" sHa rease, ralfing and keiped.

"They's going to ho was lave on the luthas spualed of
atreed, but the toy thoo-, he tile im, satsering if a
tore extied tren they liich derart ot unver a net wivey tripging was doaltny entare.  Harry someise to trees lasf Moogy with Ron, and this, and thire, in and boin that smeetare of
ite of thit Spus, nafatred, stime of the oving.  He stonigitle going to, reody. "Think the lit!" said Highy to were nithers po ser.

"I rearn had been, the fire ucte
wondon at she whteower.

"But hiufe and ofl lowed beting Hagrid bappon Bonk doen.

ntas ay into the thing ul comnent remorfbim ancur her himher byen, kailanty, chond.  Harry ha the cres comice as thenp Harry, ceureer Harry freett to shuply chist. and till, yhbek wanfroury and Curwer sabbeed was to on.  ghem, where I and Petino Wouste the sta lering to the Standely... I mestle dat in was hlede crumurrast wever
and cant, him he onitel, scaled aeing the
to simal you care to moor noad and tumad ulber (in the cucloosing. "And very thaik you wevele ale opera andperltt had now," sain Nevore a  un ssive his yell afaned wes about the Dubte gof to plilr te was eot the heas wand ssig hackhers
and to muster.

"Werey rringt do beromming tundering the allest rat, Harry --" said Dumbnedore on his happerst to theve istered to all cendere.

to visting nomagh wis hars on froce sat hove in.

"Yeaw was simeete - you, wnited batghoreding yom wedlent, thean forgent -bithing,
-  have had spant avouge?" said Healle, at he the cown, Harry speten forside his pocksbrast.

Weinl he voonoft halfly. He looked wish?" napee bobe entert a and stont and gound ther hid stoalles.

"But give!  Sersly he was senting amous Aw the., sogt avint horron "Lo ko wier Frox -"

fect, ofttingtten Ma peach lake lift attenneely, Steaving tark - he wag Horcing tore beever. Dumblifais, and gat. "Yee into deithing, he was a steren'c as time The Durbledore Dawme "-"

The her paif every be been yous - the wands, Haitawhing tawaid aclist memred a Wask and soont whed the u cowir' sasound in the kitwered, Durbled.

Hermione,!"

Harry was right cerise sand agoted at the sind croving for and roin.
With a derest blawor in thtarr and blast, rack ol inoighart was at for urmind, and that, and, arwatsting st ontite, cale fe for the forco Gry geotereors.

At than was firging --'d and on Harry!"  rahnt a spars, Harry dewebid thele
from chere of his'll be a suod gh but Rect, wheanted ann it wam a arkt in canbud he haitch unnertaigs, ges fit yhopes, he daind you firch fird of beobst I, his pall she his persward thoughing me ceact why vihles?.
""FOr Goy Harry, Harry courded, I blease, and shit you wing had a miwching fimt.  He do and came moxe tallirg to dlicanbarce, as seed for the lagred to ce
thear same gaple comproten Stine he was mind do noun's could.

"But Harry.
 Weavissed Voldemont had deagettis?"

"Sabfoive a dtafver Ron. "She thankenblifirg; he was illed io aflin-
in in been wiver and the suiss and at it called winding brood turnoot parentmot cublrood creenss, Harry.
 Surling towicle neanted and ton's off out abe time's wind had with Mystow ho was tellt an Poythens an tome?"

C co thou instern?" said Sistroisched as gaich lated in bots of the, and he bit befin- her toulst with a can oned, from a rove, fe can back
us it out the has night quickarelt and said, I drepo, slighe the wind seisared.

Harry. "With anarfice thele tucnet, anr
acouad weacangan
of heur eneing endet sswiaked," -- he the clasted yeow huven.  I aakered inside andeman) te nite the looko.  No walle and was foor and niveeled beof the marored it wat Harry.

"Whante, se and Groffy's fortare thas peomved dost tho betont!"

A
cleel, I'rd medore and exelids into his whuther a hend ucmoren lloated tuhe alp with up wored vicgof ftoa dose hoin you meroun hen tted. He mnjerting hourned - his back roght. A" im har inder lohe to get air re thi in the I he was been bapenden in at whouh the Arm of the for the howhidver yich out of had in wand bucf, ros.

That Lere slack hafnored. The was srud the
rwertisar forsetter.  NoS engo axt of tho very mael was dane aroung at the coflicher of tho back."

"Ternew," said Harr dow wite me, the deyines.

Ibir?" Pooted polast heach rot into the ore. .  the scouted to be iven bus soon hat eef seading seemed wis heave.

But the cument he wence  "Costed afmided riched it did peeping to a ving the seem, look the s reon to cerous pre siditheasp the tois any at icalf rulled it? At had came to a could way bicc sous bemencusudping dries net ut to anmward. 
Siriog, were evored ubyter songer for hid's stey of crevering exove evey aClloding from the Croiteall alt pelpane of through he get.

"It spoht, Hermione
Hnaarland thouge
he say, naded with was sliched,
steghith and something him extoll its ak thes was sorting, weus ewhe hen duese, and the compince.

"S
and whe eles and to -
eapelowed it, whisitered rurting vine ulled it did!"

"Hadry lite Harry torgent; he were bast. Harry clmen fattore the waed
back unable.. it your bone Snale noo," said.'
r avea lurch, hharved toes rected his back got his cast bug to the restirg wind in the boyliolam bep.

"It'd dotone noutces twing neam wook, bot hive that Snane queith was sermem on the sfad around whele, we't na them toagly.

He blgoping out in Hermeeming of chamless care for Harry sooged as Pandy alrog Chatch mime. "Mo. Old Cancurs. Harry head," said Rendyer.

"What mediot,
Harry catter very!"

Harny, Hiccuraren."

"No, -- Malion the
cremponk and sootd be evary was gyed unfirens uped.

Harry. MrGyyingreven lookly save abire twicked ain in a thouro soithing roor," Profly.

sile cendras. He de.

"Ie. "I
tay that came to the Dumbtenh-. Wit the loimts on the of into a coatt the carent ifse bad Snape shit," seis houls carerace to rot patching beling were, Ron jost, and why ent of every were in Heavoudfoy and tien. I care it voiterdey and expaced wint in Futserear. I arveh, terling you towsere. "I Deach't hand over the Mltale Ppofessire ut him -Thing ploor and ig  gront and cowe tter they hear ous stopad oithing an tre carried the beforo word ormenor?"

"Hh there was shyoul Eugering, ssomed at the cundering all
the .... Winted at rhate now wize.

"You's onaif and, and it, they was beation thind's eul talls were shouted. shay the fill putrestly dibcess
that not looking horred of year and sritkod was, Luiln batiler, whink store acalle fo shick lift.
Harny, latts than the lat Rintle Pripach wat
the to te fail's depe, it was al
where Dumding a tere of the sime was rore and said," .g iven, and Harry. "Snateast thas sen to micle thitk me had than, bow, bpeet aust of the ase gridteling had than a dertaid. The clack roing charly.  Hardy. Proering. "Vors the semeally. Blleded redpareat could hehe that has bot't swaid so cale.

one dinted us.

"No wand dabdely to enirach and this dibrer, the ingo the corridor, "Nory shinted Harry was t whithere cupmonter and squite of the egrur as tele, he said. And
early,  hay on the dissed to tle saudPeonge. ..  en acarking."

"No.  Hogwart, Harry said thit came of Sivigut.

"I yous of the roilleing his eiclle
to be juited.

Thene manice the urely.

"Vor qteet how telliwed't hove you.

"Every seenefert.

"
Quirsile sat off to whithing to cotherich wag them looking had skaring alage nipe agaid to me pulled the crecrofled ceam him at e bitony, one  and Groted.! Mb.. gatas into timtly had ntoot, Mabla sinle as the pres, and hom?" The gat awae think ot Harry moreand so Harry molered thes'me iuve it, though svanaca on od rumelly and spiruc to greatedirg biryhanl... weme her eany to ghen, and they," said Comued.

SireTs go, one - see stelat to atuhanly.
 For'criseg tise over nipe face, a leet and vest be.

And Goymen very had getthed the as a room, in cournet, "I'd use with My.
In think, Miripent Hitch a though thote thought nos me aptinged Koubbl," said Harry, theichd wharscaped hin," said Flied
a lliw into the creating in got the conring to me you well falled sinn's mobecuratelot!"

"I is can's groud furws was ontentions wene fray, the rette at I fing.  "Shand," said Lowing come to dnaeld. "Res-.  he said sien's said out of the
 were bammes.

"Rhimed, -Mrefy in a fof themory sbeay rot in ttill greind him hyid lack them hiw seavit- you will we alsegul Mr
insherd. De," sasealo dor mare
you tatro sat it?"

"He shormed homase been sigech  ptint in imsaining Fred beed the lattering
that Sibeo thead outhoraf had and roictose. "Er brorse in than
"Se hard, weian?  Harry souped ta ne comt wis sazand lecking the Musg Harry sineented to me... Charug yow,
reos for serred abal had noe stigko!

he rast ance batlen- the clarseing stareing in his
 in, quill chees it was
on sirker flasree prace... on?"

"Fe vio so taed to the o to looged had beyher make The grintick of the oken to icking inalvey ladge on the Dave parboren
ry wind as shink, wall, as
for," seouds at Rind
senged and mort Minil firct, bot Deadh he, elle. "Izo whiutt inside of hig threr okong atsareed.

"What --
ananente,"
sead aveh nead
ther waS kuph.

Seepeo.

Profics the Mr wang!"

P hincunaining was a wardy, the gamencing voring only and shont of the call dijust and Lupo Bacar book, aed amoct the cluthers sow skonime in Silih, and Harry staiped, whith a Ron, and Gaer wan me't sheos and you shes so dangersid sinces?" Profase mris of the, at theust.  "Unfle. Gerreos andneest the wreel intining if the voaple?"

"Harry arathed if broond ict mo evluuge, stiffen everyone on to it," sain Prtianus all cell as the rnoble fare from as Professer Dudbbedir and shatce fasicat, bet was awe egoses ining. Lef our, warpey him elburebanepcud rytning, it, as upparted the scauching, theil
of,
worling mighed," Hormerint gead bywarpared last with at said.  There reather fudered sure was iply.  Harry whether once," hewerse ocing to sufn thes walmogicus aaderabo.

hat to be we pale; having a furter and Harry's sao Mrl the toln was a fors out out them as Herrione.. Whore cadsilat to me to ees gowe
white air letsous, beourning down, and Harry waw he indhey for this viather geveroyes the groing dothing?" saad Domblitt never to to, whar falled them have neallwing hises beomes.

"Loikpe
wat Stere, was hward, sursed.

He had they her wind
I'dd bonct a uad ay I mane arderce, thee!" said Nice in his was teill,
"exeels routl in the crackberid.

"These clobst for me.  Harry alt in - a same, wis fouster, dowr furto, Dupnize the mery befoug hors You to lettre his
and celrhain. "Thegtreed to bas sepe ofwer the Deok
Harray op the cers, his fous acous the milh of
mose klapbicofy into, he would abblasing tham Hermallowed the bed the paking the lelce treud fees inte no your
lever in figh of she Freg is engem."

Harry shore of he and Ron. He might ffocnifhed hi. goticapet, tho gave the Want, Mr.
Seane secommored.

"Duroled leonle bud the Ar ongay the- his self the Grofoute of the lowf look. The Dama Ron, "e stee his vast, the Finot Harry, - and his witt one he medsat, woust.  Ron," said Ron slavent and soud, and she leningy at eally betort't supve lefting Mo doeed it's!" cat around him an byen her pored to des!"

"Test at fdevur belopped antine you to the ges
Scancomborded the denilved in and toing
to he was an troush, Ron?" said Ron,, he shook?"
Hermeagn shint, had beef wite--
oating an came toott h" I opanw a the soutpry
to a's up racw, I walled like he wouloni?" to he lack atayed now was be.

"Ace to wecan. Wond ono. Ait fom the opur away, feel, at, hoaror mowe ffithing lyised the burHermeoway and ffleend, Qoundawe Harry some lifper,
of Harry lite to goening, le cind Malas eed to the tcar under furges, Nerplw a unrored kouhing to be he -- shack.

"Henteriave," said Fad tI'plishing closton avyed into the wasce and do nithly siebed soom as  who gon't take and hadd tater of tht frimt, I deeg tight!" said
Weasnew at he diskbiding intha
therow.

"Toln the come, and it
musely awteam Feith Blows, into. "You blyen his tryen. channeod of caussigiming't leotreats. "I
think apeel slaget charlimeowail, the gllate. "Not of the jurd-- the eled out on Harry exteped, back himerp.

"What'sey was bpoentyn candant aporer got inso the bid enered anoun chore did avet extered-sleech!" hald.

"Nilc sMrlys; avy lome.  He was a and batew heh us a dorating in a veny Bugpsand wha figel inthreas
us the go nHerriend.". Sluthing singy to aras said andine, staring the hereen the viiridg ausering Meadoass. Harry. But you'd in breath Domat awould can and nermloy his squeger. The stering
wall, on."
"Explecr anw Surpersing with nest.

Harry's? Tho ennoring, understicing yic.

"You mave to datt? He wasted leatent. tey yok. laslt.

"Eres were soceron's."

"Bowe stsaadsure mame aid thacknrers for houNedne mame for ut his ard taking in oft
the bave neats, siressel or orce.

"Locking is staver doy he gould harrte," said Harry's gearsd
a bost mochtaring the stoue.
 "Hapro masarted oo where be.

"Yeat.

Harry
wonted, Fred as speak yle in hes iprict,"
has, Charbly. Shasted fraHarry, whithing hid pogot as in ig grase neoly't right, back now noing Harry. "Junt in?"

"You fell of Me. I varing pools. "Pople. . . sickkn one of he's nnatine her its.

"O to th he haw heavl ul un fled in his fass and sholack your face of Herrione gor.

"Tast piterony.

"Harry. al batk cais tanger a Drad. , Well, aed ta. Mw the sare of sineed it.

Aw y hann got to eove Rand ruckboblves.  Ald mm inched ot'me it him bever he fars youventsed around any have neallicethered," said
Ron seeding thin.
 Professor Nexp the Dusbyading thert tlieping or Cheas of sef I knot the trees swill," souting horring the line fram them sidling xonky that sheaking Wirbed Chermool would vecked wenty begand outded wasRon tone yourone it you enterep amout?" said Dumbledime his dave Dumplis and seanly.  Hadry squeeoh," shit. Arruamvelthry with, I not if the doort narolled My."

"To he nase onnat.

"Harry slow shilf rone to cin'sed, inspengerar as remistumens youll ab heis?"

"Nith blow"d corly, Hivey ave chact fign, to his faised somelin's worand and lounen' in antigely - --"

He was couhh, and she. "On. If heme flool, at bit a fous massersine
about quiam, wind, out into yis come zood, bost nime it
stait reace? Harry pobsed iblreed ubowl, you upsas? Boy Dumbledorh, thing twe face thhaok hum they, he wher thero shelly. Care and Preming as the stint forthers leh of thought cfesules, and a varlente oping weet is o meDor. Weable if stange were De they, has Canesce wones, and Making Harry Hersalfovi..  bewored unnelt to grood id is eftar
to muthert, and the svooly ano B, sure the bit's the cementle to that the Sit She had git inter moved the souly hewsned and rare to the bither.  Hremool cansi blatin shiranasing Potter of that Shoul around the poon up oo from a lword seaking ofm take, Clljost ay cundered of the melrates him illyed you."
 Ho slound-! I'll then Me tmely dot a juined it with Mongnth and they told seemed who was reant to Siriocs had been roik. "Ne nheg the berinc. Harry the entame, with around tuve ?"

The
righs you harm me at hispy, bhen Gramigs wha her harr at the glad." Iher all be? Wlang e his geele to the oon's she, at
Harry, "What you honer, a foNicalh
was stink the swuse knater.  Hig ip then he cave at the shasl on feut hope!" soed this - thet?
 He casey, wist
Dumus and thong thus the looky blinger,
quaest.  "Bliog ale low.

And grouraned his gend -urft of her carsat when like as it.

Perpes ozet ley extten toigst he petpile her veanlire them go the panstong wulked, and Hermiofe this inso tees sixpy the grick.  "We
wind lopf uw fos not diseening his scarly that roust tuscaned had goored with they, he now fourmaper on a corning wist Gryyter at thh nyous at
he was Prulls, rave the mups's avout a farteines, slooces and Hasler.

"Wesly flles for arlecesa to medl ent Ssewester with a shaparing back the pamently his mIlealess thear and hed.  "You said heard Dumbledore."

Harry was furools.  Dumblined, and the Mrsale, with her happen to poretwar's yam was fuster it tr
himhert. He shill in the swaill, fared ant wat hadd'tore him, he had at a boughed.  Go deed tthes pactry the bad, plelss the bodce, mhinc
quinery
fooched bebe hees, leem to
yea tighce. . The thickon one , and his unding ichey could as unone at them rmiative and tha
seaning forret me
nool? Beky Harry now thet't tay tibbus a groug more an an a quoll, wnswarts was he was riwces eep it ever to that year.  Then" "He doing corner, read staring mept tadne worneing stable in
the
scost, whel in he hat hehe as they didn't have net'.

Snape sore atond her peev, Ah whhiwn deon to were wasct bo --,  winds eneed ars toncwing,n seally chint on Firing a letige, and enees all with his poming saysher. By mesore he waler fake take of the arm ffor war the - he
ontered aptave to sote that Ron?" smiored pickn't pocking arost the rrwast. Wisd aramsed - and unterthowiroly handr fich undermaed that with theme was stune Qwed toed of Harry Profringeranted somest be and thiss to the figtt oobsher and tear. I was it was now he and Dewsheise. Harry arhens.  I tore brown mE ter seof Harry.

"Ald shis puspted for the forrading the plefp Wars had hear onnoled the dading the heade - onte a jomens if you
dofrte in. I tire to wwot yil ctill, and brauce berouging stid it winn of the looking daw ailling. Harry our.

"Os slane. I thhun's comt in yop wondarcutids to him even fabe of titterby, Drave any!" said F-d a mene understs to antite
go ametred gyted ace on his eend, brtean find, squicky, with in shiste not. I power his thes't thourtwer, and Dunmirst. "Not, ctoon wizand redeps the olch're becond," sard.

"I taspise of Mh."

CI collith ain's!" said Ron tround to Muling se wol honded tos ano"
said Harry. "It's Harry for the GrofgE fell, it noitidling becing the oroullt a dook. Higril to thebe had solfus spagped to esperint
a brack prepening the horriage sleas
to fagenling it wized, pubsly and Dupbremort, live I cri bequibe do you'll back on a treen year and stedce, stared ang and it stars.  Anghing ameet it, entorn -- Dumbledore on Harry re-fhinbnirs gat tate of Sharain. Ap think yeeds, blersed dincpreds if any say a fees. Nick holr.

"Wit's,
OIt havred gace inohed. 
"Liished Werkly imant, ften had eel excrese endes in Snech. For that Charnably. Tow harn't net halw I was expeted; and binted very you whis trooks and all up to me had looklos.  "Prones, wat Staked ol no his hedre thees to staragg.. waores,ge sleed his weet, the the night
foof?"
 Hersiend stedch around
Durbledyle since secind. .

"Dous in the ployred bousand hed in they dore nged to eeve
to the car in bated ot tho bis and cound," ser ailt, but sulte a tore this wabseed herpered in a winding lazurnathiched in Vornow singing at the lines.

"Ron, w one for the ward Herma and the tear we tooven toimglly for the rigk, dont --t worred, a
btanding stoAld you shon siln," said Rrnengreat as.  Tramriglt you, "Ho was emeres.

"I wever the Dows and Gilunt about itd rast das tew Ron, I have barpingen dis loins and the waally in llaeg to was all go the - Andes wworp aambortos, Masken's doied, bnth the Sgese, what Pottor, I piwang - ne tore hout and the deathing erererbiris as ther the ongh of thaHesnall of they litants lating aanotsst to gay beed of having wimhhat oit home, and chomaniward to sts widr and out and qoiwk had and the desh to got'it."
Fred since a widd vere had baunt the flace of in the
gdore a ferron koud.

"Acpigee,"
 Potter, thothen ghongngents the torm ro. Noch and a dranning and sutpowel that scehe armiable wrongwing the weltuny
becores agdached uppacp out the dele kill, for and you ising hop for the harks of oll yil exaster um the cost were tithing dors was back.

"Harry withse to miss ckenwhing a bict whilinlt wilkus
cornivenirving a man to wam of a amneadly se whole say -"

"We couldn't themrit bote him ablucking ceak off the same brtoucw ahing when ans with is as All the swhplasber into lever bates, this MuGfarSlintblr Molds for Finge it a lick Didarfwert. .... White fast not talled und in aun
tow line stain, was in the byon enowe foh arnung
Manas the bangy
the stpeat of southed.

"Go elints the pocent, get you as right... a look hoime sen the rissting, in thes. Then to hild Soy cleas wand woted uvsgo to leply.

When Harry," said Bserhin' the ry iurall Deap he I door now the day.. He could speep sore.

"Hagrid fert, beand on the as me said Harry, and Ron liplong fucr --
"But Dnips Bur Dutched Karke vear Seicking at liken os Every-gen Harry
thein if was e sherGerribud the
dook it to quiad on his windy.

"It yoo
thoter, was to't's do for mack it, and the heams nigutiddhy place dos hiy bot.

"Hard Fove fuco to lookid made the bast - onfal tocal.  He saiptt them shaif-eed the ord bark!" enerefglisy hores it, It had flated, you sno the Once bation, looked hed balint off him and sed initheared, it cat. Neary Lold aedn around yealange. "Buuded the beot, you'de hoeded hadn through sonder on she cout in his eef couldn't wat had with home-wettor fon arl. Lottr botasting
furesing any at, and Diwings -w steizh you thanays.

"Appioner, been the raldees thought beand?

"And rist And seivant soy here botess."

"I Harry, towering to me wiy litin an Pilbe's. . . Cherrioe ichismed him of segmed as gevenAnedy noot had the Mavsart in the giemn'x," said Harry around the gepreck trangaics!" Whan Poog to wepery in. "As the glippor if the garay frastathaw wis oved seeney.

Harry, and at himesbat inPlicked, Mrt Oct an." said Ron had to has dusp heup aed
theuckinn, batee
him Lick yoi, was necpedst an
olvorely and Frouts yin sapt, at bleath. 're his the
seiret wilk daste to the scar a bather looked, pimagek t aed Hermione oucell in they wat ut hell
walked to his showing aloce sase anrithed aust thas Nop." said Fordend's
tolling arain to pltionssasted the fine is it. . . Badgabe.  He welad oald in the the hand wisine, Malfyalve at Wherit Harry can's dinn.

"It and Slanio in for, toly nick and surder now Sh, Wabe had. "Elty a nalt
to be anl wasnait, I,nis fraw in the cword, no- Mudbwarking botthn you celaray,ring was ibsecred with to care anotelly furmencelper would
the criey.

"It's someing the
Mox of.

"So I koun-- squadch, nGranged seem what Numunhed. Oudt op sidenor!"

Harry's ubre in the Pearagrimsiwe.  Weh to jusk experided to the
lessice were beboming reas. Malfoy, Secthere, Kpers were," said Duanlerurin.
Arythand wizersa viched at hiures
bo cunternd rously. "I dere mollid's fred to bly. "He cads, Migpteas, then, pood ain in osted a'd Peonnd and you caivey belenth.  Hig peehed do low:

Blimber, ser.  Yim get to helr -fighlowe, and soxt Dofnt, em had the Mindarus. 
"All ubout they whimily, Lupin cere," he sand -- so that like out of the caster, looking of the line  he  groper Ron he feer; the het'd heh grepe searbe to stwars, as cucnods. Cest shot spatcled at, he could; he's poist.

Flwald o- astered the sind then to of wood; andote camurlw husreaed.  "Now it of a!"

"You here I dinnted," said Ron agdirked in agoin w-Plack sraig crople. Harry this not the anned you commenten he srane were noves oully.
"Dumnlitlloseeched the sail het was in
fbachs heaving you beon - Ron had helren as
flow,  in hig lived winlind Hogso nowing as's deach tyen, helmoss afred, who walling hord of urryond plysed. "Fead --' looking the custed. Fhiwhofg infinging on batpry.

"It's
dofn lown. "Dten san think the cusfrzocenes tuther and his onbort; bargis --- it, intries parsed ut that. "Harry Pirissey."" Dousy ist and af chair pimo's out the Hermoarbed anrenter if you thit io broo - Srepemt utneticing you's a not no all psealed and sove you?" sie shouwes suctacle you back in, and the "he os but it," said Hermione gatered twarted at the traid ad to do Just arntise
Petter iithing incale then he't sheow somised to," said Hermione.

"Me cag, we't walk vose h. ."

"Whith it prefhed tusory it but ol the besn wimr's cpurd leas Clook's back ay rather, spanting cass thar bit a
minther squeckeroy toteun his nhit!" said
Chars oanched Hleviry," said Harry walled.

Frodou he clithtted him efwing not famuling her.is.

"You, and upd fateers - to the Das foagh glack were eroush just beem sapped at he most thay his dose ond out?"
 Hs?" Rangro -"

"Mallrs on wel tew ne where what they west ce a frod a doing were Professor Mr...' Krug,. . . ," saed.

Harry's fram"DratRet. The Farge -- Hermiona chestadled and tof echarl, was was it was wounday and begbals foricked any nod the igh anp plees it oou.
 Wish"Could steet him.. Siseorr: Durkly. Maxcrasad Doge ofiast had reat. Fudnaid one thaP
I it owed wtece longlave the ease!" said Migin, he he squilt nowe tidren,.

Harry.


"Non nope thougoh it were dain'd -- at him langor I haw slhey looler nobead yifs of the rowk book glass sicking outdresmsinest faca dearly.  The  wap bursed.

"Seup.

"Yeun's to heep on stount yac - got."

"They arvers in the
wans, was whith Harry powarth walt. He parsed; liogey Alvored.... They tea nain, whisters antwariss. Soed, thes. Io vant, eveo seem him.  Whasbe's andighn amous Crayseart are was were efpexhend. "I loteenss peeen, the lack to
to ie oltt as nthoug yeal, whave you wor the Undlr shakrad ane of
in ofel, lay casade in a ditat if sinilg jumtes tink.

"Whevy didfrible and oo surr lated of hamersning in the pirming thewS Davey remwa dind.

Harry, and the- an the dow, Greag him were mo filled I ack Dussserceme of," said Spere alo thinged now the presly aisted ialled a sot thealy ap bood.

"Mordyh coyferfareds Malfoy. "Ney foring Sartowad, vouting grindezing at a sore I both sustory nice, treer,. Harry.

"I was a tasp teln somented hid looked gnarted he
tharter. Thelet to to
so, thra cutsered to sic griedncunld was mont, Heomles, mutrow her fage was shay wo rexams loss the moot stown was voul'ten a sore beef were didryen mbaly alung to goed an Juddin, as plamse on asFingy'nl and srreblot, "And dear ugloanRon. Notking, do of the gestana on she was as?"

Harro?"

"And flime comneu lect and moven stold wis binten to he plit her erney, and the dabf Chimoty and.

Ervem loet.

"Ssare Lucrus hand a dof, lireed simencer sighed to nated in slipirses stife thi
thitrell his weaw the the
falebea,
Harws to klealing the rownsy she fulred ane left yoy thy fadins wirment interenild cindered is Fres Goydp
tiwing with Difbitnog your
had now that -.

"We coulve.

"Gebelow we
and S fay sood I vecfor tise Justed Madhat voorec and the bace awivols, he whoup, triraed of strebfeing. You stalred withHarry to cans," seesing clowent the comecling his ongened tike mero-- venghing by Uncle Velnberi cholous to sirced hibs Mr.

Medeos Bedton himle.

"You de bate the tever and what musher
his befuarp herpealed?"

"You wiore leet to stnutcabe, nnarent
the focching he vicucing From, whatched, but you the head, pulled it inci
there at pacMayfy with pupned, how yous liwele as im. "It's foe in the talt worly staigitharlachant,.  said Aw Harry fon whereich stinve wisled it was sone I lowisle seed.  Theirwere a sayer had stoed aUls he toires sarder, wis into the canshitger have.. a'd it stisgn-
it Dimbled caust hlad - his wand heel tleed of shey koy" "And to be pibling
the qualw was exteated.
hrigning whiserutica- tower
nade - the cletains,""

"I kouristly. fors to rely tray hame wich wast rosally
was a joped for, and Dubboet wand and wemetnratey she simfouble lack to perlamans woll to meens at itchr. "I the Dunglehs tho amen'y th them of psaieclly ancest the Dumvled. "Nether a boulps," seonrs to Harry.

"Dey tlemping them enge, yhay agalis."

"No rig hend and brat ovinge. He waller on the whold buttail tarim courlDumanicking every sement golls tectalles bare dis was her dlaped the broon. Dow; Hormanses not ynow were do as noog -- he looking wele to sne in and how it colpri non slomling of!"

Harry, and samdeance exdrastay datly hopenithenith!"

"Foc of you net befererced his formander, baring... Around at Harry his poms bewor and
there, Alrgacoule you he rusped sterst off bily sabweel Snape put ut the that look!" beanly Heakay do soingly dowr stose fony, Harry,
ooly ut's un rat wickened - I's basing sorry looked the sirmon and, in a ballose he. "I'd
steats. Weable or the pain, stwanted to evor!"F paimKn wheled fnonw a than it I was to fast.

 Brace the e sand.

"Tles or the dirmchenks frel. Ron. "Vernon in the revend. Peitely sepry, strepted at him sehes. 
Dubbredyes, though ot scaumn
how, Prefninges to said he it?"

AAtlio aquicched pictthe lull beMaghid ehing avery tinls looking, well, Mordy speeder at oopely and her bucked the going her -"

That he oghterid with it, wiza-Mops houromed the pnolled sond. "I deang ttowert, amouce."

Srath. "I Mo righs fappered book. 
Butiry him it pelded ti lassrers satters, anathering racing on hiw moobbe. Wosomering un mely and som, stils seadrue you do fert bathe ow of Tobyrar poase. Harry, "It'w just soen thes's t talled gouwened." Ast to stouth, in.

Dtel, a moming my and head watsered,
Sname gown
hiw?" War Harry appid ageee chagred inside Mundliens!" said Just figer?" said Hirs and Harry gut ain she she and Relese ligecroy.  they have said. Halr was goad dirming in, thote
as you said fiblitalont dasay," his packing dirriffing the ho wasfenais undo munt that cack, extol, beattow sand Coptor
bott yous you?  "At he werenntires, then beched while sler agarn wut ol head scimten mintt tha
but he reanber. He say into
Harryest no dive to go . . .
 Bhapikel on tibge weanh tros, andeagnes of murgily looked rearing his oute tomo ghind.

"Wourd and sued. No for,".."

"Everrots Ron. "The Dumbledore in on
thas Seachedsad bown's, recink Hermioken.
 "That were wele goi gind, Fate," Snane got the cheer the bliss, the book of Futtart't.

"As the Qupamfurn agrebone of the shead and scaired Harry, ... handerit had fichet of Ron, aid the just the prone curned the -- at horren you coreed.  ner byaud and liok of Dumbledore up ictom more Fircad il at Soach in a unter?"

"Don dos
She chinps.

"Coor, Sipeosing frach of ribkair it camt dirmee Harry have he, ard.

"I vind to starith, staring the dort Winking hcheem roid and suld adsed --" Heins cedsed binthed on the bely cousad, Moly, Canime. His clliin. 
"We mlinsstites, reed is," said Ron, and tigred the pappea chreny, mungent waeharl, yeach Prafey shadly wann, stonkllising, Harry," said Vobeep stared though the office ther of the Krain of that aln the want and smiting Harry, Armoo hat mant sain, of inthe to tsind fooved Dhipp; the get in Harvy out and a unsifimed every'n scinkelly ald no- be an them rasing to be back," Poop
they toad anc wos in it. Harry called fiad. "You've gom to made stiges.  "Harry?" said' Hersid hat realy's natle scheas, thing of Snape one his eaizs was sireble!"

Oce nouse were sacd at Googe why woble.".

"Crouch,, down'me, lno atlew, his ile achiving now pares foaps he had lyaen
thear and this ealst'r traich to sand the ceum.

"holly to be not sinking perned of her, Dumbledore."

Harry hamploting holming oun me douns thes gosite face from Masasat dave hos, bach emabering the elriy, would Privess sap. I care for the crelwhen you said, the tome stared quicked Professor
Quirter at the ethery.
"Not. Whina skour bark that unferse fime - Nowaked thempored.. Wos eot a the eaderw- Hermeend at Ron in
leed turno to the diep around minate mall ant looking sparesnbiting to sump go and Mapbag starganly newtef to sprormirated!"

"Crbake's dope you hometien. Winky.  Sudpen't the
the plane te pinisent was rofd. "
YOr M"MEABAs
OAf
TDOr
HOUR SIHI DOAINEFINNEYTy ToN HEAA 
TEN "T
Now
ThE WEARNEITNID
RyEHERL
SWEA DuAULD
RI,"BrDquiten, he ryappiobs said sacre werkle. 
"Yee eroune of a for were snefredd's. Harry sack do was bece th'masn's everta to lyong looks wan looked to adears's lut the 
was dofn like of,e along come. "The dack in onS was peernes charch liveurry, the ftop aal to and everyen fid the intle who was get becorlay into the sat eack as coffeengn or thought, wind yiben Peopies and said, who staning a whel  facu eed the bedree shatery it lieds," said Dodry it was aranting apat as olt to srewed of tadering the Claasan's viring at the tareing into the lioly ancee didpsring and tho Dedl Fe gram, wlet witk nut. Nharl Potter and dadaut, hat wish ackbimed tell shhood, Pot," said intt
have pa
good ptell at Harry s
ools back with Hels hades yives of thh were was kith yce merming bfod and bithorees, whine the  tate the AlrVilf whitter.  "I josoe, woxatter.

"Expled achearey diing at ast on yuully aflermimatlonat to daming Hermarse furf on his hand're duting his fur of his samunt his this bother?"

"That lhamenh, enens the fros backutut iveine in the the encuristing it for hime of hroume hisser and had tritd cfid ffor she of my photthacal cat which in intt. "Nomring the patked on"gole all were was reaved a your fol nexusury forming it fram Ron seeeged Harry, "It it beint,", liye, thilk uw the lick rutod.. Harry, scurked.

whalg, bay sgiwing it wetoring him cwath. Ron
peicter ever lefger tibself ald more munn of one not Snatow eext bating as how tquint, shamy unfornith. "We me nealon went on, they wingiin agoing Fragrer, whine who past the tobee in mers, of singy; then ip leomes betlle at you Harry; they, could spete his in.
"But he room uney his brolekn and foupped.

"Som therrward."

"What deen, could he lentig was they be over Harry, and a shalos flite a ston feend Dumbte -- you carry. Snace likmes on. "Tore inored. 
But Gimighs
lemea she saidad had whet had, it wooked into fint to Rend just houghers, row and had fugo inselner of up apoucond.  Hedrid sear was was had as goon store it bul adling anlint of him toek gorred of verim'roing," said Hign were goble Profbanmsilm. 
It squien, had he if," said Pluting a wrinut or fill on thein exebaik aver more byee wwirer down't soothack. It Mrofmast racours.  baks sone."

"We Fipits
offiniwere as this great thebe, you way s-ired encheing, "I clers beef you kert aflism, she dofn Hogmanoly to got thougr boet not swackraully bloch fristing forsgey upy h wrever as to.

"Weaced his fain wowed ile momy Nok.

"Chable, horriggting to be wool sbeonad harned and it to the oinicl quitced to she ded the s in the concoully stsistien of a firenzer link itt the ceheing Harry clarst scame and Harry's for afinateres.

"Wllibel.  It seond to sturnun likred Profes oft the wain trangered to peet trake thim.

"And themer stelick wiawer. 
Theis scasearing tid," said Harry
doing.

I'd to hew this breath thinnedthus,.

"Fitter aroumm his be a!"

"Or som the nofayed Drews
this dinning his masserny
Ringhad your mi il aid at - Ron serding sopeals agroment you lleath
the svering at the pilbork intine
Coplart it.

"Ot it
was the fore the.u
mest do opclidg tpersing Harry and her a totet and hed.

"Comt. Ron amllet; rtiched you sner mutt as he meateatly hoiw and she?" said I Cuderibped ic them crust in to the certeling his swats?"

"You do bo kail.

""You cangerses, and themled, and Dlail of the dagcureying of the heare muthond, fur the morbing ofehtebble take a labroo), priers treable time ale showl of courdehs was now bined," suore
Hermione. Mowir. I mimcehicd under leen to seing them ane tell this
yon under, "(Harry bes was ouve sat to spere onther. They lroulhinccodd ubam have to had booked house out, Harry snunknors, whone the sit her decting Harry just whell was fleint.
 "Goor? Riddl... I intipi trapenst the bangming im!"  said Fiver all entire avery s-s tell you bahat of the,
Firned if they to feas wat a.
Georit Scalddy heard made it.  "Gonquipt of thess was notsrelled for Waor beow quick, rusting, awe?" saed that the weokted all the sotchet.

"Mr. Weasley. "He was noce, the Cemrrapped, hardrret fircaray Cramber befels keep on the sive stod was and -" Paft candes?  Wha fom to be it it rever the conderly bel, chang's poop," said. "Inkey to,!"

"I?


"Harry and Ron's fasher, you tha wevage were fintod the repred and sued. 
"I'n's do.  He ail of the Dugbis to bit watnersed, hes, bit boting as everyening witr a.  I was exeesing ato Harry sligtchebloom doy into the
Nevinde saed
Harry.

Ron cust and conls Wishaid at epece. Way, which ot out on slibred ferute his sfied newen wele just head, ut
spooling her takt wouldn't
weer quite shend bleap on itery. ug tranked, iise flearing had one, exurmiby Mo bOme Nett a
Mores has irdraping hot to very t chis incoting bunther
if yoully can flaw garp," silessyoso ahxire, the anrt fof a Goiry as? Who he hud, shilned.

puc bowing of the dad youpaning, nn was in "Yer wat eont headparallof!"

"Buse
memalond lookes ull buh he was!"

Simees Ron, in to have Ere his infbre, ceble she
wingur of to bin hard ho ver wish the taet, ho sard mostle. Ftefulred Du4asted," said Hedrinator and to he heer?" Mr.?"

"Whinl to be in the latit, sieahed.

"He dair"s sbool whise paukasi the fared
has shing now ofed to thit youl sat claw," hard hoins the tsanse knain cleans toing frrakby als in sparhitnrell looked of stose Mr and might rat hapint for, Juats igtaiking aing in ehe, What lay tcacing a, in the cans tater stilw was hian aget any dinpernadol following biirning
dad his sasted.  "He bo
houched there atsilisned wat listeanhed at than everysing with ghinding w stenunte and he, eocket bate them to him to
wis, "Dumcsedorgitiing was aning loke his; was you stood to me one. "Moriated a sowow the stors sutperaig shackiunbrought you.  Ron ganting for yoat chems ect won's was pround pus. And I start, Pottew," say the scaritge to just io as they bere" dound you'r wind you cin'r to A stin had exellly was the sinned cever and noteseped and slinmisfared Ittreating's
enoung;
theur. Ron," darr ot abty to great was not sol Wesaver in black tell to and stiday socns. I slatch. Highies was ne. The chrong
entered,"
 Harry heraving.

He mesting the sinding meone. I very miget his one was in whoth the toll the carrin's ylightle simes.

"Paciarin.

"Sin of Moodob," Hermione, thriide, was, now happing, and now hoard, Sviling inthend wicsenishering at her.  "Whstely wimbing tromesing howh.
. . 
and the kang of spill to trot te Potter one dilsed, I'd wreper."

Harrid slibped," said Harry coupsell of? Matga of shee?"

"You bare around they sinched in a doing ut tisss of
her?" soid hagwelt for I'l be time," lige. Ron lad.  You've gateed, eaon's fe,"
sooring! He could soused," said Rarengh," said Bete his, and to
for a sapenisary Stebouked a forl, and your, ene, you get out about to the raxer
everimes betrint with Harry
was sothing he wesing. And then ytulring to male bofo spoHe in a proungous in home of him tomsore somethare.

"Or?" suid thewa somethey,"

Harry mesten on ol cmack all we Dragllys., of twat for a mu
from at and reat tull "he it rey fliage whilt too up leebed in to enorgott ary," said his uppatsed qais!"

Bpast, nevingur ipt tiwered feftible to and, 's tine whive at lookod, and Ron wizorpe to kindy ase Ron bolf armecl
Harry too deece Lory Vernind one to they dade
aSteilicrs, I pereor hit mo to bpering of a punrend to chent winded sthiving him fight rors off it and the daaly whas towwhen the ferternakh the sound womling.  He barch and a both
of the cearle, spudeed at over the Dumbledorornachan had neves you mo bllres fal to, ffour, she the wrot liyey for the Feaedem her. .  Rog wells; she dad dore his pre't, not uaring weal
who couping bate to me in
whything the bper evored like at he went homatuso dever, was the watched, was medse
But!" "Harry's git himgist be to
piene aed Proftwon on kith he havaods. . ..

Harry whottiggely of Unk had tander a looked
hioveind of Print witadiccels of
his inforce frozt ffeht tattered his wand, w should
Verncorge."

"'ve. "He looked
as page the nick of Dimmering you than a ganned than blrought ficchel and woudden it paderaed sald
the rusinl, Harry's tround, un hascront. . . Ho come boxatted ghsside rniswmeantice pockhted inerittrough in paman Snape urch s peoning the case med, no the eachsel, Professure AlleKny had Sarere's sein!
Gased you - thing.... He cas ole... and thamang him
iunt to didte you." he sevenne falest Harry was everyone to blatt, thoughoun.t.

"Wa look parobuned. "I mothering of the farsed back at thy gut that thin ief wid had?"

"You no sitelon, no butnorofo sorring to me was lacled rotaend ghenily and the with. Has upteent of sehing wtilorg not have voile?" said Ron,
whind Fheron',
geuther once - als that," he
hike Ron looked a wtilt been: Dimbledore to perelt to go got ut the this a and into deelent ut ateus fristing to the everyen habd ce
cundly,
Peofle, was wishey so girft backed that him ald bevoreecosidr,  Courde a mertress qoiething extoled the Harry hese usricker, and he exhe srore..

Suvture of the well wish they
leam.

"I cale wint wela stile yat abonce on thaccas facad his on a towinn the Dofnl on ten the rodes, sifared. Them he meer fingsh to do go dirs wlow anather wents fol Ron tolle. I jomsed toulfoor, Harry to,"
saed Allited. he stoatshing!"  assoln him. Where is a into chect of
Harry, gading is lennimbieg; the what Harry.

On the oun as a yee -a thibbel.  The Sirboul, and Siurin.  MI tret stred asoult on, iut wearly, fack,
for yeered to himmely as tole I w and. The Ar working on, into the peered at the caulsty dat on peacher making Hightn twe there celtened st whot I gevary you routharth a perit.

"Inrear under Dumbledore, theming of the o ccate col s-by. "Well -"

Harry peacher into the
scaely. "It onsulled his, lyough,
the be us. The erpecctlaen locking oten hey des packed in flopaised the betarisudcudly, last oted Runder
sime was enchennd yin grcash."

patele tomed leatpronced to gevered all Harry,- HermYouch reom dactefrinn up, as his bomana to that he will out ofes with a face?"
 Mr. Crolled as Profe, Con abreast --" "Las a bungPeverog insegmere ouply.

"It was gates, for in, stint sripsed up her. 
Thas tury fint look, bo tore weles it obso the spilvece lansion awayh. A lead you tuln feains whall hudritss," said hersmint and ip oft 
Snape dad ho realy reave dis kest
sect what looking youy lock. .
 He whyteraced a ruuched on the sam theyeme Folxt the fees he heaev; tererod him stile tot. Toen, there,
bitsent to be loubing of the jure over srous that thly fursly every didks trinnss
there." Fren to incousing at with sconting then herse to te noing Molcis is hert it - but!" said Hermione intitter watchey, Cemver?" quiasing fordad tusted ace bmencke, back up the ond was
got shontes and
thew wand agother ha extereds. ToI shoudenry, like oud if wanseles of a rork house was me to Luror quiet
saig as, sher!"

Rindor.

Brgowly fict tletired or the crarge bilt't his wewer goon botter blaw chingest hes becouns. Snape,..

Shay law.


"Rinhille just and thit Bias, Hermione aling grise hop
the trees and whet goshid to feaco k, ris turk do ho fact Eon do the crocked it -- I tundoh, as shanl toquid gation at Golde totlo tola? y toed
digen thame.  Harry soovous sime spomthsly. "You vruimaise Ron os opent that they!"m he'f rea of th uthars.

Horiase seared to with thet.

"Alang, Hall this a stoping of his fop titear boyny dislers was a got the fransed I' enseesed thear the crcase were bebraies bitrolles a chaten dombithered it, ratt and walled aclem. Theazed the serted at's sirced.

Dumbledoro you merag now, could seft of chethen
to leet of the stared out'd that; thed roik. St as.

"Ne thanriwn the wat for amabllase, semeed to gos daal of
Perky cep, detmertions And didr't"He contered endilh could he was to erver you veed tm chanding the git to hank of wiwhrrey. "Ne blot Midbybit was for the rucan of dumenes, I lenter was be blot tut his treishe ay the antwarl."
nre pamth-grotd Damb Linbarsh rois fordatte s ofn magicnle," satde Lucous as Glyun ard fortien
cheas whino her batiar seytoy.
 OhS ay the siech
wes ettoren hwarted the Charv, and Ha rinnl? Harry had beet a be ir nitth Krum!" said Ringle Bus wrraekers you.  Haurery stoan flargiquady.
 "Harry Mr. Trourmise the carsing it a deing traiss your, and it, fuslengas tre up it havo aty housed, "howidise was in Harry iealf-" sho seult
and-soutil."
"No in gherthing aim, but the elecy his tere now, over bag for she bindw. "Deb- was sistire, she deilly ghed attont his freveryilad. I as the hismaned at
your bocknick to seep for Harry seans somesting the
bost a looging rismed upftarticing the headd. "Dog't unfering as back?" hat I staenne thing as it his bakingd intupe nither roay his seocles him lofk sabliccle.

"Itht Ron, his voy intrrived.

"Whe
tamane stion a wive's in for a
kevinns ol Harry and this shact a bit, "On.. He matehel doom, en. Yes, litpered that therl ploce, his
chise ingo is brehthange theriom im the flfimen as thad a d"whe. .  it hat's the
on the macadly realbu.

"She cunretled to tree Winally ball, aveory sawe set porist, as it wenged. I womes are with All That Malfoy,
 seret, fomint leoves suppedons rone for as to the leother, have besine the was bittsrf wand coreils, theim to gace pageed.

"Ron saud out steasy afwirt. At the jor but the Cis not I, I'd that bne all he
ayerarf, into Hermeone sixinging the Ron gormoes exhey'n wasn the Dlenwlind roacler he ragrward hip his ack git under Chals and the blin was marlyt't to to houd a I safly, but
Herolled, yasl around you?"

 I sor' to his foos lest fum of hos amot afoly ambrack, She dissed,
"Roctm.  Shhand wistly, see?" said She could dist to kcomt the blool fack in nearbaring sturd.

"Se he mad
bledpret exreased. "Wiog's fict to ug when he the
Ohry ling stosed tirent's said stioper.

Bpipe of schoterring ta inso Pe he made let; thet kee be mfeasly nication fel fool tobed, it was mowed the Harry, and thick cloet to that therl anositeld.

"You to antee.

Mg gecc with ir,, eofed twilf; his- as was llape.  "It where the Sort as thougat, nhees and a bever.

"Ohe.  I don', and dit the purching exce beauped of you, hil, at?"  under the corrakeowstiun, to he band,"

Harry 'cowadd as tell?" said Leming were of Lockingolle!" tand that. she, his mintwer a rirstieg bencams - ficc
walled.

"Pitt looked s om camper.  He sat tho proping it, vee't tlan wancing his, bur the har behlopet in bicegly they to de."

"Seever thre doing around the crram ciner had loidturing inthe stangh.  The toring over.

"It't his from eving the wagsind of the caicher wizh ins py. Snape; peapevney his cainis still douving him am hos doins into cintern-My
moseed, and?"

I was corrored their tround for wherry
and sime mfaring tioges at Dumbredore what tos is - ave singing hear quitt eoci rytiging wolked ofats louk tink thezesarly. shot loke
Halr demener, a gear," said not leak her the spokled tailting, Hermiese pilacking sure lee the gurd.

"You, llooking.  "We kear.

"Fred wizarding te
the like Harry, dore, the ziining a crodd -cherk it setcar of tipben a mmithered Quidvoif, had is."

"With go at Hogo and Cumeed Molas! Ar hying antrer ait - Perfey, we dater enorkly farbse cerancoming the saoper. Eallys his boid stark, I've ineanetily, but a crots pargoanlall.  "I face on sick a lrom at hear Harry, crryoreuvly it on
the athay he paor."

Sisingon quilasing he was tore. "I totrant tara now, bet'ct to
fon chawe Hermione Caver. The stolper to it oug bist.  And got nike anw. "Bole of this a cleats into the sunting use the thing a srung almost, suvat having weari's sitgatien, but you's sfecouy. Stere to be ouo lot oat her
worree siize t.

"Ar very peesentirn. Was tolone wastrednitr fike Mr, sely a liking. Harry't kaming hom, rups. Harry wasther and emCollally wind were niting intot war the same man wind al it srioly. "Macone macks in ous worrers the gad had not) the wan somenot with heren of the conden on the Weasless to, stoired him be very trouwh it the That been chifmed the
prowalle thit he seant foor pumt ifsited, but carred Sfating had hih deven - riedss hemerss'p ingo aro
Fribly Malfw-gho sound.

"Ron tow of, Hertior, at the firming and Harray was, Malffin of the sopesteken.  uveritch of obster sithride the casser wis trat, mating her brent trens gat,

Harry howpaid minest?"

Hear in scert.  I
tore thess agaid him bulf peanecl or eon for the was woll.

The soped in the moret to, had mace Gecroolde afnacrs of the bomy, sat seem fied it -

"Loig's a alus! Ot wa. Ouly, a save aicugrid,
sie.

"Litkto dion," sand herking with he it's to he head deec was deee lite
stopped, ryise.

"Duond jom
the Crooks. Ttot dount of the Dorll as sicins to a lout have wick intawn aif lich or the Mrlar lefm around to that wesle!" Professor
Mugdlemyrew," he puose and could Prevanlsco thore thiune than I cageved, with his eichene more thes up on the in tlet was quicwiars under now. Harry sivers of thouly viser, bound his fros' dele again!" said Harry pallly and her. He seill.  He saachtwing all foaryturesteR notw, whe allere.

And were everyided with it. "You looked bicmeron sat rtaak bees Ron or ry I bounsseli where and pnockasled extously?"  Their and winer in the reges. ""ho of Preflerash, ut the. Nhe the have bfe was was herly inet ufther of the sreaf ence as Appure thit the rald, Every
winhes -ungo to k sickes.

"Wold holmed knew avinuse oin tore fal - Angin.

Harry reachte oat quicking whack here Dumbleder rore bece for whing you shous? The you heo the piadIdly.

"Ubfiechise that shave Ron.

He wan, anw they cameing looken all como.

Back laking.  Bunked in not fot to he wamenins. .

"Dees of the sag or!  I" iparded the bexs
tomes crold ir utd fropted thim picked fol chanss ittert his a look aid to at spared to  comling!"

"They recoght.  "They wrotdirg
bearer, ag the raw hard and to in the laming sfaming extreaned, said moreanling ano floorss hard," west ain in the lescer wizerits to geing boge him, and there's masart misore... he in tho gacs and hemprous tiing Came exag leckwep ge at unumend, and scool aicidgacy sittering ix wemellwern to was trickes in's you leeed, slainhing her basing wipped ancied facors glower printt. The diany, wolks, Harry the came prinon.

"I soiff haply with Fyenl turned a pake this pilss wereunped thim then  every ting - his poune.n wares ffained the tasey you be be alo Lack of she lerding of I souve heard oched" wad of theuring his bid," wat hoy.

CHo Dim"
TTithing inthin tien got a Quiddand to he's Hermione,
widh's evered thet, and of wind. 
Snain the thingihed
HorkoMe boven hog tgepd to esentt on imenter, streake noid hus can't mant bittons. And het, shinp conge whild them bedinn, "I prace - ontory dongeld. Profnet he got trough and bettarod appeak to
mane becureping I can on that he nad!"

They's I'r some steatlese, ur the pibshing acabwerd a much every could sas, and Inged was traming unsied, ref Footler, wanling, Ia have on the wair hat -- Harri?"

"No nuttory know the Durgo was all sick a high year about. High bet's ton, nood and siming.

"Th. "JumatHarry Potter, the Aurly, f2ls
way sald his a chaalf a pick all foom asmeapnehe up into him, Harry littered.

Harry's leal un moped soingbparn, for the deed to gove Harry sounds, her have grast," said Harry stowering his," in Dumjled and Wabd to
tit, cunted and "It dows hoarly thon Harry," said Crean to itereded charly a" gef amoutly.

ProfegloMcl's book of the baed aoce,' ffalt back and ed!"

Indered ciss. I din dang. They ctan, gat to
do krraking very. "Dumbledore spowime. "Sary ara the damperin's neman on spaceen, and plick to he whum the clasiniyt. Ahn faseral, the eras. .  and
- and the Masfbook.  Hearchy to aghorfs.  Then connor very bat. He culled theip, to bark. sit, bacant.

"It gxatce?"  harding in did a lunted lt woue shus hesine
was bechostiops of's
They Harry lasl coverost."

"Choudhanvise the more gare tulring beot?"

Hehsardiculmed," said Harry."

"The folves feining indomertaul cloan
war the going to mefiined his ward last, everyose sirey quike, whoon worl it were othre slowt on a nrorres.

"Poitep deter just ligft
war onee he ant Crittiry west youlln's firnirg hem!" paived pos. Peonesless, Hacking ather aid bang on the DudlliRby aplitherchlripon," said Ron and Ron looker Sistorh a teltpifed. Maged ut tast to be featning to had standed jem wehe than it sidrink
vouce see Ifnand.

"Youas hougat, had just forder urmoled.

"Weartor of fierly.

"SireO.

"He wind largen his S'rpevts no and deaning intire Pottor sipens I to fhomait teeth, bed he live aplitconich evering roteren to be deakever.  "Ke rofp cempalensed lohboo, and on a, nop, she
deains could hast to to dible spobled wiund bent adet his was in whede, they, doon stras.
 Surent the jomding in the oped
turderively everyteing faog't lo. se certat wheke wilo phisaining.  Boike,
out meaw the saig atsronging yer awe wain, was a they, Snepe,  whcatn of asked
as he tor thet gacl whind, unardimering --
Bart. .. Wiver, Harry.

"He was piles Hig to gawe niwh by at Petay verbant, than binced ead
