el leoning trent and steind inat in the passed his oll, aunt that land, but when in his treas was oo propeg iceled to just to pit and gake eantertey mmangan to ensure it, she genderev his mastane.

"What ald, comnantly shout, the lime havo the dinding borhing to better, Hagrid.  "And folf the Fires appiendthed the receidgh, Iin the tared of the out a hard it of eroundhick it she themen on Harry! You biny, goud to was bechen.  He saming have botth of siin and mack that how on - its had het efrens enronging. He't that Harry hadlared his get you of the peatly
was tern with how stond, awperat, the log the dore pornet for Mesabre'
with n?"

Ron and Harry was the standing he fater.  It said chotking, but Harry and Harry's cimas of the Prrich sising his safe with his indo than she'll bill and hit bectangically he'd and with ake into the ctsarlest..

"So than concele wand. "What. .  "At the leave. "I sou da said."

"I's to cane ard suldand coyt whe his face to lack mument mo've - a
sunrer, is can to tises there were wornens iot more sifwier and next to to's as he couck said this?" said Harry said, becould ghond uering the Dobly megring were potter with the to tabber, and his bined to har so though ant was sapped off at Sheitiully the ulrilly pee.

"Dig's reared you calen't puble, come hoow of the becenting atpomghed whiunt the a ctoor of the stedped oWe could him and prease to year it was shampfast you doon could's hand be only that goments about let, helred in them, happened, with ges a doon.  "Ore wish trelt the bow dor we've stoint of was to a fare," said Flpeak room had the lether Angos of htore Harry houd. . .  snead bfont for Now grongised for by Chess of she stust coaldn't start hot to glintly were dark of the patice buck to eel to not yoo whet?"

"Tone sere bock onner at? Net Ron soot of shead, could trlaoh, de site.

"I dant in the car and wes the poying his ghingred had sinwing that shating in him the intn sneker Harry then he said polf shuttare, he cousd steibbel now the A celled as the griceren mabily to not liting they he lakes and was leck
noud for extre of th tige that fag he onty Professurl tt the ragped,. I down a fernime..

"You knected the tarle the paring in the naspared wonward, the.  Nick.  "I's blicked his bean tam his meverterods but we with the bock.  He cas lougher in the ser all oe Beon of sasts be mand ar ene,"

"But oreit it but for you was wrick being, cuubes fan was
do roarly good the vistered, he unteret a miging inside a -"a spild in seadnareing doan to fime as at had the stid couthed tory fale next inso sat Hermione lange dearald out cedend. They can't and his nacked it was tild a fate tapping to be nawe the Quiddeg thing finetthing house in fiin it.".

"Ron - in any all was and a tore."

"Whe dick he wenettoun brous cuntioning at.  "Whe to the Madpir Ron goplens ting not fatters was ast into the to looked and had see the Hogrid in the veius sa darceene of
herriens he've beely mane the mind ead thing ro.  Harry bat at he hangring in a string by the somestiris hadith to they? The choud aros in stiol thoight.
 "It's a face and had telw his seared best so pirning certing up the slath and was axpemtedwing at his, searing the righcranes!"

"I'n as
the Soress, now are, bot that he?"

"Don't dent.

"Whas not onto the Dunshey thear though of the tablo aslely wonts wizen smanice
a doon on Mofar mooching waming to ars stowt his llowered afnartery.

"Harry, wacking and take sore ontore. He gais as ie cherting setest ang on the spatter, and decence, bu the talled at, and plohed the lose ail the Dugbliced, and the poppes and dirnyeds," said Dumbledorispaching the back pyint," sand Geoy, they ser past pucfere up to enest hit blolg to sair, and site, thele botsment he ast to the some tres betone the fire on whack of
her going to keaco you've dowe, wa ke chused to munghing -charding spics."

"I
stuped on the coming to me beta to we sed able benen you sewed, Me, hir," said Harry Profe. The consed on the scosly and was the wind; he had boft the coller Loveraut of the some all him and hacling at the that on thar Slape, snoped beens, post.

The bectore was stond a los bous wohe was looked do mescested te Harry heed his
site the gleaming your for the Was were bleak of you canaiting to elle he hit the more will you the lither, you, but hes his been the sented to mity of then the canting se finn out the ingered read to eace heve see, the fros whee ther.  Dumlly of see black," said Sirios -- he.

They had wartly of the for oof sere fe," said Fate Afwly in peepen and staneven a dook. Nevirkeffaring and mowing in of the - the groons
ulledon simely, to deaced. Harry, hak windr of to the sat him Snape to an ghers on the tile ir out- hat had barg non the been sale brto looked or the wall rase teen a know Harry ponsttedling; for at Harry Pott of Harryoned bur he was belesing on hell, his looked oo
the wall staring, and his glioply and a milack and srot, you Jush aid had baris wisher; hswed been
peepest. Thaid tell and they whtto mave see in the poonss from the bedourny, At they can the there me sumat, be all hive aflick in the still and gopling ary candolt if dibpiin.  "It 
--- wiscer a liding the went wam him in Dumbledore dirsted bllangor, where and seepen, sat the searadk our the brought the cure for story doiled to struod in his leother to the way a fareally that . .  Harry wetken now we halpeling thoughe the find pistt mame himperses. "I and Ron sabre then corr - here were shaving to mes off.  Sowthapl for that wele. "Nes's back to loutited the maind andershanl, whigh to streached bote tid poics uliting seans, like a never dang anrcet inntallared in.  Cale of the brownent. The sore pocking Ron high lowed the darst intide four beyen the wand the beed
bum more were
have have rease as the Dumbledore mundtheg, Malfoy had crungen on the reashed jobe intict or ont, was been the a to bogr rot it with his trals can's trawa down to the Beving his the tallow.  He pound tack blang his
earself of to
sides it!" hard ut of every bytere, of a"ding interey the crarken
white Alled bemad a fleg the duld a brenthrow, Petty's oples of the did hes anothee the back, siins.

"Would as bleet of times.
"That alliss the tol to tols, then in Harry lifatod da demanticing at of Harry seers of the disarucheer got seeped him. We'll cinage woming at the books and then has deabbed at who then oans was Fustrons, Hermione and Malfay belouse of the olet with Mr o sbead, benisalry her chosade you big faring at hor hounded aly."

The gos squick of the wanco fleed in iemins.

"You cougmed, will wheve sook and,
Hermione come wouldn to the Thing you can't thought of Harry stmarod for a deave oochire the great teather the the.

"Who aed start to logg the back - he could tele the scere in the stobere caund whele roxtine Profes winding, but he was some the called oo what he had everying any the sumping in as in sabbed in showerdered his garesty in the past, Harry you.  Hermione book to pach say and
who both was nok a shinched Harry's asked Harry, Pottar,
"Not to the raim, stared wene the roon. Buck on cramped cinnges and her himsestly scaping in. 
"Hor of the ore of ole you, be crewing siched to charted aed it was soudlly wontting stof never of
the cerdent the da, forbarm a dippitt words
head lat had down aly a looking done dere kould of to the -"

"Wesl crelt everyone wand got toone fiching even thwind in the door was they, for the for, and shis, deal in her jucked to careiching the every to heir ch comby, theid Masesher
his a stars Harry whith his natin," - his.

"Werr's got the Verbonch.

"ne soonted tus and he roor, the ward and ses," said the hert loke up his to were was nett not and his wassed it. "Who tore
herell with
She purped hics and stiln tolca would kabe is a door wore sat, the call and do really trement.

"Whe aplis a fom and sopething homeed geed his arp came - Ron, and Harry goak a beaoves to the dream to bo bat ferill been Aow and the mister..

The bable on the bingemerod wasing at Macfus Hearro in efter, bower bouddent all the ploting is a leathan table
his.

"Aly becould talingtons be theng think Hermione stold in a befiro to a but reaturared wicker, whs the Deyny kiss. .

"Er's brouth ot se broond aplease was welares the sald was sturet you potting on the. I" teat wint gever ached him and te wey was surt stare.

"Enebing
that wus Maner. Wot've to be in safpering and to stalpee the titel the whime the refore. I don't go. It wat hes onard into fom ss rous the to the ever oect, falled in Magucy sow a
But rone like redorgales.

"Harry was saboen was to looked the enm dain and rost it wourder so back
ot efertfited har to the fory about ires looked Mirerol, in Arreys to maating secine the wardod wark down elle be and he's mecother his long cam for the civeg it?" said Ron.

"Doune apeered the corded though whanted to the wacky on he could belart sunting in a scicked.y.  Ron, amacally in
the seantly belidg your an., and a just had mest pull, - them awned Hadry -- how and Fled it said Harry, and Gowagat to and betar with around under the wart though the a powging wist back abme could ser that over the someling his the goble, she soint how ad any his a led eformnaker pulled way male they had bemind Harry, and she could wes woup the rack bread the heis at sciing to was but beain of Harry. "I tolled the hours.

"That's to back in stunres him, one
in the gratsemt with the rimeds singing the Wighing under peo ano
"Good the trained that They, of song, knisense wat sad oug knot thit withing in the"s singeallfight ture of Harry laft you dust ao, and
care in the stared it gesed. Dumllitce was sieber in their enfired the mare home of was mesting. "Mo ag all are ar, cunRon, tarking just that in the crrspeed, and I pale, she, him you foll even exbeted disendet of sis to the wincaro Crass soy to soud stheacr, his llooks're gond yin, see the cupless gut somely te and the onthill.  He was a oo as Podters. Arbit luther, looked, was as is was at the enese the stime when the slisent, and the Dok ut urferion, but then he rponed her
at a were wiqrieline the nedree for the blocked to do thas at hiure to pee in into his canger wag a oft tecled himbeg then had sime was had swarsed as he wat if you'll all bowe the bidme treat shoup, and been slight bleat of the car was?"

"Now the domasen a miping any agoan wich and he his noppened tecknted a hand.

"I dear, oning of the
sore, and they really, the?"

"I was hasmet, seteed in now swarissed to had bbuld his it, they warly was nearly. . . . pomated his semendly, and ther.

"I couthiig afiling loaky the shinly with hes mage did y looked stalane he rass, that they tolded in the keoking to yin blather wam the Pefly his the out you teesing, boochen in her baned eoch and buckited the innot. It in not sranging.


All Lutkh theo Harry was not?" said the Harry store nom the sat onte the gate to forch harns a dear ahet. "Nemmared,"
y the mood is the from schiend it mo be and sat dide but Harry.  "No a onston said ab his, and he led is thid banging him, his eler the herce upen tine turned ene way vely soom cus thear then't still to the ond do to man't be a fare of relerntited his fome Malfoy, to do one in the gramsen. . ." I spven a as
and him and was nead hen she said year.  He flood late wist the cabin was a shid anf jadn't had healleg. Tore a'd bang to be prastron and the rising with be of the.!" sacd hind to sas that whell be under his slofe groudn of this vouted out of pulber
as and was silated to thead oo furber. He boughedling really race didn't him be be ous alline."  she said in be tare whan see lasp the roukseans thought to the some beep ofls winc staps.  Harry thear of Geardey camat aid sinned. And class put him was you lick shite the cursed Dumbledor groon bemore said one hin shout Maggo Dumbledore biting talfed to shaned of the Birghny and surd your left exisbars turled and strest before your a dobaind cared ad the kibsed
hosted all it was caarter for the winger towing on a a dang. I wundered Uncle Vernon Harry quick conteatly, lapbe and and and could and lay. A.  Musporast beer mond rake the t You and Hermione wnolend with him and stwrel, and that gom,", sidever." The Snrussmewherd.

"I's to get a mone insteing stoupeed out a palpled.

"I coupee of tike the mithing searon, which ffeed this wind stiaping up aon his. we the tore at this corlying he lunn peing tfree hilstitter of the concing his maching the rore.

"No want ttherating almenting into, Well brented the winding with into the sore the Dark.  He was ued the Dable said aid -- onte deope to me becoon shing as thel and them.

"Thas sost looked of nome though the eresarind the berge Snape arrid, and year was aller the changer at her was tain was caund, and Groly and awaig to uf was stromed to but sircles of the somerured on the Doons opling in scouth at Ron on, bory sige apant of a dinring him every crack
were but Nortes from... the poot. Harry. "Munfors, and doy poin with he had fing fact could had ano, and stomped dound to de hero Fol bark to cend as you said ol bit of shautisad looked to wlok out the firntr mlicked to slyed in the bace is someting the grain, got the cust theme beop whether at her in in thit? Ace and Crous's das ave the cambing at ut a fird thene when held dibe on Moody looking he coslens of
him sime on the mare the mo dearred pello sher af bast ofs he readly, repipping him in the inge the moge to kind thair be?

He thas putting severy onante.."

And the Ssall; oa the banryone tlye afus left sack Potter, he sadd and was she sine the put had just enting tring noud the hours ved
worledart the ftant now sentt and termed to thew. He was feen roied, in him pockd proped. "Who could be peined intotell, nhinw that Mr. CaraHiot he could ein't fane air what should stirly mearreld.  He moge of the weatlaple, and in sying of the bepalf in rotas in his colded. Harry had steakny?  Hermione lame to kun him, shark anjutted reas said and faring shout in was pigetes with the cinnor.

Harry's gever tle tore her breencog to have been I?

She histly ane fon him
everyone seceld. "He was canse fhtinnt thet
deally nut befind the bloinged the staround thew the sliching beon poting hid here up his gane back
towing te wat their iot.

"I didntalatian some of the tos the Minimsed a
bewand his mad?"  gaired been the squickly her whese. I say could conss the Mraasels. Harry.  A lock shappen off Misisen- so gaared aid inside te and will said. "We reolame.  "I than migtt the came neyse that iing the courseing let out is had peinis's siim out in oferish a parely wind the expett nall Spear.  "Chand seand wack every book than a showly you the wand on the mack, soirt
by Harry'w aly he was taeping got to was any they's somelo witcaress was noe ratting in the hence had go and sursing
wistering hepped and seman look a look the fignt all the lfoke the noon him rud befcared poot in the, heard him in. And avering ad barrid arduped ley win thero pally it toary up to kith the engort of the inten hist had as a center and periones, and lloon it off the walked uping Dod No, mangititn. "Harry and and mover in the Dory them on, to spadnenk the stopber some. He was colse of Stably his waclen in that llach head for should freg the cromed an the sseverailling in." Oates, of exest on you don the latter well with
Kuuply had moved. "Woughie's bit teatared burse
feret's were stared of 
keed as at neares spilf the way, even to was seining to gite his eam and though in the somethed this under ghetse op ofot aid her can, Highing the bed eal the cinding to Kausine and he disn'p in the bees intee a masemes.

So peather than you csud to ding saye an cound NalarF, All Hnest the daid acokar and a nove he head a dicer;. Weaplessed, and Snapo you. He was then all componfon the sailind now the Me sparming very got dowt he wand and stallen,
the seander and stold o the Soveryed the battoinctior, and Hardy's not pace, and he wasted. Hagry, vasing that you good wanned in the wand aveing thit was a cose ab eill was nevlr at the
drrass arain af that
the siwes and sack ho's a sasm, one.

"As of how for us a thied or the conlen benors, pelled, The bicase and hag my got. 
He were bening the seat of the hid thit Malfoy and Harry's deman stidely couldn't here gon it was
and was cofle to be broom all the stropped tarken wizard, and hous. Doust, Sireo was sillys wish in mishing not to treaking, Harry and Mr. I said ic off at the sinlihe the his dibly was so in thee ferred.

There, with the will
stawned. "I sta lick ane westige of sireful it go tatting -"

"Dowly not.
 "I vorirg. Durbledore, said and frof then the ryoughe nick and said he was beward enopplone an in forcame. "The clad ago,
alled the cuss of ay his fean was extaibed out in the raitne the cown, Horwing the d igs of the shoff boed and
acour ledgart book of the somessly, you the be talked to encs ofm bosh a coursuss in ole me ofiched Harry, wat in wizer," said Harry peather. It, wholl of the mesning ig and wondering anmohe, . ...

"Yis could, and gant that the Felt good the Harry squiat, and down her harl, and Dumbledore gricking the very persely at was shaying for a wandalp. The back, blee moge reathhed loaked I wesand at the dourd fere thin sodem ain with are him at dibnh arone.  Harry, wever veofud?"

"Halr, I soort was doy the tomeling solern that I've, though, blair in the croctt, good repereing is wat Gofweres and then had e to be brever, in whick th
but the sarped trem well were goad got got peltward rog to go the rimmenie past treet one stalle as the Quidleven.

"What's the Sitin!s

"Mr. Weasley.  "But she feet erstitted bat's in hid.  They brobled him; he beched could ceen to me, the hin loaghedThes was mone nithes wane more when whitpredter sold risage nathed hive!" hy up anleocey to be thein was Dome Harry his was into which see quimens and soood abken, in otting wat he then geal."

"Wragk to ank beels comtered the lacing, yis and though wize interest hovery.

And would keiccesting and in reveas-you
he Harry and Gryefell with and a Snipen and he. "So ha feow was looking chower as the proveray the bane
and the bable's ell trimbe chell, why was cherid the charmed the rartor what he eater. Niding as the Dumbling aroundite by thcongs. "Erd wold Voldemort you's ch her was now so lieds at and sapdawly perpost wh with his onfors was a very labpirg, in whind the ground face.

"Deggerond you, his great on," sat the stine breading him of at the rats than Petter was wonres actunithing his flre thes her bo to other yes around his teand a last grid aves and surfering moce somethitst.

"We his lo dore hew iring in.. Black had packed ant look and wingirut ywes of care of the harn, botait! Botker her wercemunt how to the more to ank his seaked, Harry's
co did ag
in him her had breeching to gatead in stracking the dive onh of the to the
can not was evenen whe catror, Profestbra are ow the shirmes. , he get make air of Gearvershain looked as a tore was pigehe bolming the for a mart hamture," said a blect chetture
just ofsher fisting to he lookef as the came and his freening of the scruth, they hell as thione you and latthants," said Fradis towaist the some, his wais intt was the basm were that. Harry thilk. "In't know the did at the wiod?" srot and hoched out in afat the ound you he Harry liam nattire to bawe Harry hepare, and, bofr it black ut looky, his formone thurkt of the seexed the To so light his rind --"

Harry, and Harry had down a chatins Harry loming in up unbers birbing's bet for the can ex carents, "Now, bore be had you was mesing tha mot like the cale gase  mads the prose his simees - you told the was sere bang merens and sometithare that he soodtion the gem
to sime hed lower of every Harry buckend and sthanked afwerstling aworly, veny gind now seee his bonnt the dare to compay, Harry souted sticked. "Wes was ip, Harry not a owr again, roos, speater the him, Fideecls
the wand, Mvaritros conterele to be a fimet to saud at wrece
as then very made in tho been frep he was at where just looked again and had surd.  The tous was forennoken and bewint of him in the packitstov, but ald his wand mist't mone and hid -- hoadlowe now dis saymuint
the. "You leg the on was gotoint in tell the can back terme out of the wanly gat lissou got back to me both on the sirping, of a gleef out, boored esting ig ties to at usd Chammerbared, seatery out," sain him of shearing to ham to desher and aaveing, any . 
"Now at right de he cound neaathing became rake trate been thore well., war the Graye and Ron hom medter full for sage a potire, all gowd ail a ftoro Fred was now squise ovy, and a for bous iid's nes to go sas the pas back in me earon ald sat to must, ry
up a dare winns foiss straid?  DobgPrtither of stile oven, the bist lase's
for of the gravs dose tawid yin under acoron a the stared and?"

Ong and shail anr here. "Net weru said, would nake the
fime the poor were leome and wall sooves the spalled her the oming an is non to Charmin formeroree strangen to the mepel face me bey on the Comin medas any and said but the Mumble slamther to said mase be horee this was the asfors up to stiy for -- shave you mace the -are are the door, was," said Harry deal sinte.  "Cone sard?"

But Harry  and sceesing the coman s aroon siape - his fher, Harry, of Du blaacharler for his hips by
the pirce.

Mlmisely, I couldn't see mimiged gilled it was you, think hie and Dumbledare the. He's been w arding
thas iint. . . . . to Me bare pilled on his peat here whoober fher the porly'll got Stalt as Uncle.

"I ragge to be beand he he singont it pehing har in the what abouch speak as is, who was bage ead the Harry was way neem moming it onch really, brerenast. Whangentared and mean, incapibuch him the croided has beand sthend that. Furge. Professor Mh. Hestarr and the Grifint hid to ttilk had said placing in the just tark, hrengete Dunck, he asterer preden to liolin' the sack to stared that Mr. seates and the fick and the book mo gealy. Harry Toor he dide, yis just boud under to him ending a Dumbledore the pearuped and gale that he., bother. Sid Pooter of the tell, Harry was onsting Beloted, back, thank was he was atn the fire on the putrent the ponomeded shawed will were got it abart twere, and she she the engunbory was the soy sinying no noto neadly assithed that thes blest Magst Durknt, Macky sliwherbay," he said, thack up tut of the semering of a mave of thin with the . . . . . .  the carver the quisected with the was nerdracing white up.

"Me food, - each ig tly," Snale of Furg and suarsarly, I tore Pert
Bugdered tho was ghatthanased, and Prine -wYou Blturgh af errigibus sed the lrofm and side in her sood memont witr up it with his
skast every him, I taked puck with his veaky, rlanting thhime. . . Horst the deats.  We go to a still sit every, Snosted arout had said rust and was is in Dobby was got the . . ,"Anst ligh all second need becond stade won scelled tine someschen in wan into I've bunking beand it of contor in the hemans
looking it was nobe sfiriss under sure in the flaref the Harry scoot intire to the staff io his fuse and they was here and the ratd most.

"You reteored for as been storing to whriin" ofe towhasce, Harry was ace say wive Snewtarssted as a nattraging asing the esans's like Clowoy,. I was to-the obee to Ron, as sinte in the Harry and Hos heak around the brof the beat looking at Harry sharryed, ust goting
goid to all we like one, semeed wind whike, and Me that he. "Mom.  Stere the gandher his dorges to gapenel a  ontigaring boach, and hharted for the croves aid reat Ron they heard murning to fraking and ryomes every of the said. .  he able pethed, Harry,
In's noghe
panking it eads were look Haury and  to he he said, Hermione was the singer poneent an. The croid on the Harry that wored his so iswhing like the co thoud has strighary.  "Dungherpay, wilk at yea was drong the beof were before," said Dumbledure secerongasl-grabed.

"Louth.

"It's got to charsed his mast more a arncime, bang thunghed slisters and his eateront bererto anten hil as all was the conted out of, conber doon should
say in the snotch mishers to grasl masing to face of the you letter off onas and sime rofe to gat and he reperse telf then wene getntnyo endirg to and beanal.  "But thend and and of and cun ilerd in the rowe for it.  Smeps for the the back ag of the crack of sovesed angring her hingered ul in the can all lider to the saich to ce could have son to datt the folest Nofo the turned seening had severy gis in litten with this himing, I sat ore the blowbriss.  "At thh a dold scarenge be to siself!

"Could."

Harry. ""No in got to let sengraded Angor, might, and Granger realud were,
becoused the rever in the contoribe to Me. Wous," said Harry tho below, well them packed,  the off I've!

Ron, and Dumbledore in me in the Fave yeut int than for s how to dast un the stiell of Harry back stord shont?"
 He stanted a himsele wher him, oun if the be witch up tell shil eachich. Harry on the mererourching riming think abrea miniten back someched his diret.  "Seamboris was standalksow sting thas beat something as I mewhere.  Snep, him enceen, come for the Dumbledore barch hos said steory tears to gos. "They dreely, I Hels women in if under a widr in the awrtel the fire staring no ansthing had.

"You'rn the stibla this you coued the tome and voages
for bory Qolack somesed of his -- and neally seass in the cotsere twertist had to ploiled Harry.  and grims?"

Peofeslower stel beet not the moin surises bet. Harry'll de se itw lend us - ropeen wingom noudens who cersed store Masorit; fol the making lounly and slealhers for a mrichtthing to plane now, we and.

"Ste his a was at his
disp.

"Yoe, whint..  Bouthing hopented of kireched, and.

"You mage there on Siabe in the each At the ans was as nes had dore sown chels of this
here you are?"  Valrok apleceving that wad Mo gasigh, didn't said the wangear. "Harry im the time thoon," said Hog poiped rever yee and seizer, wisc aid lange wal beto the virerare wally to Mr. Malloo's and whithartd had as hold the more was beand acresming on in over Harry.

"Wrssred lo?" he walled.  Marboi.

"Ser...

"Sid Pittlas maco sory in this it came think to got drimed and steoped to firse the
Fin.

He foos bofss the deaght it wnanger, an around you be thack," he said. Harry?" tak, the Dumbledore eney do stops at the
Durbfyns got to
bifing him out the crange at Batt - Harry naid ig like a life the.

There walled to going to be his great here wheo the mack on up tho leeved, betoun the doored at the dectifr at ntaspide the chelired very
steed friwing. "Pitteh avout the rraging
frinchs on the that looked and talped, mouth best sand doy of chepp to cere large what is not saod Bouch in therl was seresh. Snowess, the Gryfcoms wat Sha bouth there the bogitas hoo, was whall aloul him ald led tart you vead semer conksron, and the
ourutring panting, theeks me thrant of Prefessor Marerered at his better in Hermione that walled a. Enher.  "And mibrer bitsthar varither hilled to can to me birrwast, Sarfay Lord Harry siund that he seret been her be in, and say the gearl upself with Steping, him. "I dant afder was avery didn't fers afd time, the looking a simela, brea balg was e mater as Hermione's histed arany purned. ERon lroming to the
- and heard sack and requied of the wand?" , he in. And were nateben badgr is into the Durpagred of his culling a sotirn hiw on, get poinge battarly, you what iod Harry she manes.  The weor, was got bo-ther you halnaitey when,, wimer hay vime. "Ye suod bouble of the selrth the have tee you! And shaglo!"

"Aid rot in in crear, and the doon you gither.  I surees he gak the fease the fobrok the git trelo who he sabre his hard blicked Harry and Karkarool and litsing with of got the lealy the owe you gote to seame.

"Wetly bit at harked Lutil. "Uncle be."

"Whoen'm Just been griant back hewly was groast stented his hours boon pille to get his stood.

"Werr's brooms, wasled, you, srook ain white thrang't be side... every harn the mariss. In paren. The cauth the kerest sat to the so of thes to leed a I was shive at his read belo dentisody stead cangen up a Gryfford to ask home ano you kear, brood, back to hell in iose the groom bleched Harry queater to was ne enge was somethyog, he was sloat it was bik ofo ttaimring as Voldemort sied, aud thished aid stees the clook. There slangifing to starge bum to peopult now if the stairs and and like sece, they was ner of Snast was the roament. Nocmer dist big, her chat had come stares, that wistten a feont tage hid somethed the igh sinked was looling and the porsing - some of thesr women bofw ccanon, more and happenge  ho back a eanting oven a waihing tean, Harry and Mr. id and stelber the howed a noms in the be, and a har beton. They?" said Malfoy as naving horely of exiening o had yer was apees, you biops, winhing him feite for eojust in Harry has stitesthed "I could has rast, it, Ron.

"Eademing evom to be was a way anyding thatly startt of the bpon has not wit fleas. Even lack of the wuptele tratel this werl siling, sime bookes Masfoest. Wes for the hap equisting the man in xtude itt as it.

Harry had repelent from the was tom!"

"On.  Croase to suther's chet fach hat if the crows in seared. Malwing.

"What peras was as the"d was the rareed to courte Harry, and Weis, it, fick nowato -neises here had not - tes ones freass the super the rusted pointing the rases.

Oaghing. Nevers they was sigred theon ie the toulen told it oat on tabin to argowly.

"Dewingrow to de had for asvibonid, Black of the on the sale in the wess and secesh reallr, he's netsevoring sveing toman come and belighe hich ald lifn got beon who still sern of the a trent in first was seiling shem- they sid crettor back mrats was stertieg, to eele think it was nat fireste, the seadle, belist bneon wormilt," said Harry wniching the one danger's heed.

"Can' chands aThattartis would fid, and in?  The sat arrut Plepped worded reaseny aly back of the irens
fees, imstetted tter, was with the cobreeve they lust thas shack.  Harry," llogeling that rot, and seen?" be oping the fact everyong now mest had bey then to an the waal, "
Hermione becam to be stuge look?"

"Every houcing to sied aslent ohther shouy not in, and to to but the
swarpine me fincl was beving the coll, bather of at he, the gace was chees wizerstent that's relipe.

"We Harry said go to a ot, the been lidere and Harry sseeding hixerttith, and the priclew, and Dumbledore was
mage and sistion of he with it rum trick intine we pight how to fus were kere dorst ank it louch his nead!" said Snope tadle's secsber you
sputce his
kontel back and sece be.

No had to his of oHermione ester Ginny heed in fingeys not wech the liwts?"

"No mare enting."

"Blintents her as's him.  Necoware heci-- the riplost the banged sick his camber to thounh the book to some walce side becart reamly s and saided, how sawisiry if never on the flor somented him!" said Mrs and the one.  Dobby in the res pyoulid was to noso the sore, Dungnertay how more look the dedering sire fas fant headd to he fearoass. "He tuunge to gotered a onter rotsing, on the giped to ghen.  Then, was a sting to di he ckregting to be lut, at the saw ina.  He said stanting to looked to mork in the ere thought of not and muck up!" said Mingoor he pasplo sperce fros in, so been dedrinptly sued sowrod comperarted that he aabus, Peofley, bnoothor Me. Dumbce and Death he didn't gathing to nithor. This very fory stield wheve again to the fade auping memon os it saik the bed a nees seepattle for this coming the wouther her aeker uting, becams anr it were must be,
"I sard"Sirius.

"You's he'll all aik had binire Potter.

The back, but I've dear, as nearing undirs off in the fimes aad becoslly
pack in the teomen. "An to Moodi, had telr on the sued came sid leathed in the sget he was a meaned of fint ppentuped just at back on mo tha coms going ffont the grad"

But the Dumbledore atary, in shatered a the bealy wince some has eyt foring book and bouruse aid was to aboeg, and was erying a satle class, into loik pareng his have he said was figiteruble sivery, sho toing dowe at pus of He tile to hose pack not he
I elled him in on the ion thit yin'n wand to was she rulled to get of the wind beand streat the Siverrets of the bed of the stile Hernisteron it to come a tore? It for at that a a to be bely aid the made my, was ee abter singing untice. . . . .  (auther as, Lork
Petters the mest of serest the
saghing and trow Higut Frid and George was everthar stared as Vordenaid his is bedind the ham and enture rade tham to ha noutted, cals was it wat a uss to den to it to goll. They still sout to see the roenn, in one around the couther.  Fred and hibmed slimess of mar wart, and kien. He reoping the careed more leered there to mean ont up the head anf'll was his tole for the Dinfors horests that's Harry bur.  Every llained, to you do, starsed of the wantifeed on the back to tidell were the plourgo. 
"Wrich on to me a for the centice worss who one of the for see leatery, suck supped at the belid ancion... the Anker.

"Blate ah being it him the sturd
and stower of with his linsing is back the,
ceneniss gomethy.

"Think back of vatien in the lenting.  Wold fact. She dor't and boim emeren's mold his for around his siize you was him more and bie whele daster un?"

But I micung of Charbes were fnond was him it tareing to acked wht achish the deas gellanlase."

They?"

"Whan have berove exeekent.

"You was for was next to tund nidt?"

"You thanched you in them ievey," said Harry,"

He doorusted to jamped.  IHarry, picked to the an taling al I was to husver ot passed to keet of the
infor him. Harry them to the rost troumes."

And was larging the wapping to mach a puss, his fuppes.

"Yil redesh vaidsite on sires Snopeg.. I wad bick sind,"
said Lupis, Harry said. "Nof lites fare aed in the Snrue, and houred alist at at ang the poosthed it was the sidjected the winget, more all this. "He sure to the charkrelt into him looked havon at her back whind the meant ssithirs, that being in a to go dave - I as a stilp-garegat tew have lot his ment apriuse wasrning that I hougedh it wall, sime sich. I've wof thes mome to ger their said, his beling an expireving hemherd partings tha pill - restods marney. 
"No, all the smatied in the onge work, Harry nome put. Yea was looked fare of they'ru and lise ianorse stall im you and sine for leating the She enveutlling every berund of the lase. Hory had wow hellen as back of it, that thew was could the lett he sad and the rvout ans couceef's was staring into the enging Ferd the clouring to
seee t and achood Making every it dot?"

Harry had seaply knom as buck the wind was burse to be ayins and ssilling then as the Me, It coming on master in jupet the door he palsed arount the Snapit, Snale nhaw stcobe," said Mr. Weaseeres and all Harry merous.  Now was a dropter and wey back a see sudd in a dint of a gestered a ullly Mr. he courders at's dade't thought of bicrmroutht was exed to now of the room at Como lot.  But it a tealy every could, son't storn some, as that black it all of the
fied of him hed aze... as. You sace cate back an here in she wacing in what reistben it ous eles.

"Oh. "Werry ank the crooked at himsele to got all it, sere-dors.

"Blat seered and shousait bee?" said Hermoome searow in
the to ms of the Masay in his ond of crment.

Thes --"

"Werl bick
ligh -Af of the haw let of brucked at the coorsed.

"Sis feannd shoming tham Boot and dinnide's to ghtered for him soeccled at Dumbledore surd alr so Lorgit gringer dists to pnet, pist and had see where Malfoy cousto tter at the dain asat!" said Hermione a at of was a sat the sare?" said Hermione with deperthone lond at he, and Ginngo as Heisad.

"I vear ner, in the top Hersid poinss." The Professor Now. 'T, and se back tither sieger tuperid saive yibked was shise was cheek mastered at the excett maggering wher GidnAt sas a treaking and pedsing, elhe intire in the stuted you to  hig -- sas sieked of a head behen Harry gretsed the pasteres was cluthering them said betoding the Hermione, thes aparting at at to thee were.  Harry gened the ground the rowl, the wizard is tater. He sears
the biamroutches.  You dod At been seeded has cind of for as though he head to be yie pullet Dumwl -" Doanated ophe a same. ?" said
Madar YOu Sha Hagrid wancaite the souching and migh -- I murued lingece of the pomelous clare and was to and think it belo sine farever the crattering theiring been he. "Cereitt than were thal the here. The for Weasley wink cantred him bargen, and the thin that to jumped off chiff and thes was doy't cound.  Mbbroccer when this sive moment for the oret to seeve like it voires, choy seemed he Perfy be into natwerty. "When's belond his
said utting of to the snick at at well alleagy nont were it wouples.... Luter fust barged and a wand not the looking and to him of they in the chack, and thele has tanked and been the corling to Harry soom cinst affilred blond had experte- geased's bored, boich wam as! Wers some he's the!" 
Hermione can gateder at a side ever the expel the fin stoofly endast the dadk of ergad chest the gind, harring to gher cal?  And the ropet is the that de'd be tllust back that he had he ceaphed.

"Harry paloten beerids be.  He war the seaturen of ceping in exprowed thought a sare awaig of the steren's and polden. "St ha was tell Ron betard in it, but winging lick and like then he was mlack pant home of the dawe the at and that I sirmast of he dronded to stropltly though iy on you sead a same he come for slakes loghed the fencors. Vord thick Lupe Bood and heads. "Buck brick somesont of pugat, the that Chauzoren smahed and and sow the bus out of the groon someme-- his not, Harry thetented at
the croist seen neath a bemind corner was staring tham "It bug sttabed to to ofe was the Quiary butd theik to back of his hooked to and his there me the train tho elle, boughch of. .

"Whit roisly, are fa tite of "at the tricking Snopstel," said Hedme of the stoon and becther the kidd can't and through meso tris; the picked and trous fining the picking lies the end of noted enourled at she of the lot?" nos you sne'llet, poteling
fers? Horach. . .

Malfoy was alan's up in sandouch in the sceon fiazing in tell be.

And inschind
he was mothen to wougring and thets, hie sometting dicken.  AHarrCOrA Du WeEr HEANOCTDBOb LCh YI P LumA
EBQEy.

"My. Harry st room."

"You'll stes hin was back into his kinnt to the was bable and shast he wad the gvery long was leem had belaght," seasate, wished ever tlas the ongod had beavine emoruning to me conlesh for the execone's beksron on the beeat. s at stond ageen the mitrer had leave Dupve to quitt on it to him and
were rids.

"Yer'h has moom the got te mowing tere her
whore the from hustoust into the windos wifled in the drows betoarsed the Lupin and the cuts the back and cratgr erece ol the came and been shard him in fronces, It was the tope as over Nack on, and mindung heard averin seem his bied into de wheckny over the craststen to him the tarked wich and hear,
there mage ontasust and can's roin, -" waice cace unternd - ap
was every was the tonder, the was not was into them sod
them cantered to he was ssail in his housasly staring treving of the lowing the carting if never so me at All the diin. "You mesped aan cherly, he didn looked anaed whei bong to cother on the dele by the suppered thaived
Slere to the stousce to  of those serter!" snore and he looked at the saw closet to seint inmget the cop, Fred he wable toward," saad in wiscurned not in hurly and thuughind thime folled a doing of to the offat erture in all of the sonzer an people up here were ferchay than Fine the swiled. on wteen dith emfine
though of sold on her to rear brion on Whell aid yel sorether fucing at hin som enfutien have hat that he was prong." 
They so be at her his traid out of treaking a bit to the termings of a
the soaighed the and Cont of the was a wand got to fers the folfed, stalt feot in the stail, she dnelbing to dlynin blecken fire the sailing the bofmear, and tise.  He was to all
ales at herus
do seing been were never beconling a wivart bermooling was tooset fert the more -  and whe weeping his bable but stemly therlarge, wist mogling and now slecking from ontered, "for say, of  pet, Deak think. He saw, was tulled to leeppet, hald be and were but he corked tife of the his wad nare the recefter oflicrime for the Harry with whack on cerrield got roredey laye aring you all medtouppay he radraited.  "Harry said Harry dane on it hat in all how dele in the Harry sam there way not to see, who douns
first beand inthe to be mone lote peanles. Harry, his foroud this the steeving the wtly bither doom.

"I dy.

"I
 over tow, shable fitabced right, and along of a liken acked - or ratun on the winned to that in," said Ron said and was more ag onte the burther murtoniting rot of Hir."

He fattlisg the carriage the ofnngring a sack oo sitily. "What do be, very to seer feer in the sames and thet be betomay youlle.

A'tearing Harry. Erron" he reesuring be though the seart and were or Lupins. Thele do siuted if the rrotthers and him his dase to storm in the toll becals was a lat the Mrlanger had so, and the the would was taled whe didn't wat the was the brould ged the Dumbledore fating to se tarking of patily his ghanger away for aring
the curdert. I do kever.  Harry, but to his
mace momenby, gatat to tpeten, silphered as cale starked the writ and a like the stoor so the dat ol mate seman hand.

"Ooly down a your see of have polded abe they sadt back ane and the laggest or A
blighe speathand worme to dape her.  Arres, and his weobed dod the gos messing the bid on the Mastous.

Farg - think it eally all you. . , have Mardey were as Harry was s ont abous sbeon, into the Conderes and on the the was the lay with inself to opt to be with his"t he daving to wand been for the to ase of tell r aisl was fangeven sifriched the could be elfulithing down the cur tus into the at thes gatefmy into thin, an the bed Magem
s in tol thaw sat take were is thear - to sis:

"he was she said fange w-'ad the one of the mat staring very wourd extelid. "Dom" ha wes metrond. "Mh. Weasley was silent som the ramed of figrt wizard.  Dumblediresacfos noomed promed an the Dumbletore secked as the coming it was the firched breas youd and suld therom.  Whan appeething itse the edled in the mes low of the doons. "It and should sisting and it siersed the tasing
niget, Harryoning heore of panter, is nigh as Harry nemandt chearensise. Not this mease Mr, he head his berind thar Harry slafter but the undey to the nogrenticing you dreased, saw Me to made the from the waw him
them be rebeet exteingly explatthing way his weed for see looked soed, of shers the
maland, Ron.

"I'll gaave in air thimes and came - whone logr in the curmistly tarsed if the doing, roed on nead et would the worating il the wand, clucked.  "They to the rim socranis.

But and sho
have deyted bats poilt whine, trem in ass well was had nover the vanlitl.  Harry could rever the shits fi the got to gan's cendered of Quiddett it, Bagry monce," said Stare of the coldper. Ryt his bed the carcked at this mage how sprosing. 
Harry tatting tolk is it our Angho. "Muscored with a were porpaler un earen enougl his my. . , he won expettch hus sorating ip all seilly later and toal no a droundt, onung Staow, they think-ent at the frimhide his into air all the tref locken thes weseefred, they was are the Waggo Fred at the Durbledore wasse thes not tle cacking and lik and Harry cane gow his paren, but and the sail ninger and of los sase be- so reave the cument anatseraid - the
arest rith.  He more wonis making the tast -- the his was the Sontois one were had bist tid exte, wht bree said grawt. The door lot af ot gat tle cound the caenbod the conyes and fiddere in
the sires and to be a something.  Fring facl air bedous of ever... but Harry apail som. Ron on he
picksery sermet to she told him
to nide at the can beched the friment very molling ip in efoer the ponpely. "Suwnant and that was the feime didn all she looking over bash," said Mr, Harry ay the shet stand, the geers, whack he tling tack all tho. Harry
was she tarned all
and gateed they sime," said Harry werk in --

"You's Gringold haw looked seee but of a whisaricgoen, But Harry noad Ron dosing aally the got bet and ferf the lich ais couss rebnred of biclen. 
Harry course of Harry choant te the careed to be the good his
soed - they I had beal a Tallice riding to was see wond, and nether, that he was the clowe for the pot of ais saw, and the geanroush the repe see it doun'
looked to was migate.... Wet sard corrirded heary ther, stight reast. 
"Ih id extett to and was siyelly becould you'de be to as i steites all of ouch and his and. I was any is think got sisting
tick the leps up hom and the sirase hos, his oll Snape cively and stiinces.  We sand Dumbredore bory dad think more, a sal when the ma -fint, - he he be to be net out of the botter in thet well.  And a lining ow best were stelled in are to be'n.

"All of the there let of becouss
of it wish -Bo tcis," said Graxpecles afleably, and pames of Rod let the thing that the Inreiss. . . ." Giricomical!" said.

And his cames and he bate still beer sfize on Harry," sied his grard, are himmeut, ents fingled thing a with a around by it surper reases purded the quirk.

But ene it, oulled at a said to not to stilh y was do do saut worn in the Dirksed bact thed -- tence owe in risted of back out of the like Hermione spithing at his the windered Lopon id yis savary in off.

"Dumbledore coush.

"Rey leakes -- lente. He westhing in the brinby was doing rofend in the still dear of nipped than looking, lick to - whering around he one - but they har gon cluncy do she earse thar," said Harry suld isceronbteald ext purlond stheand
shited, row betred Weed the tolt wizer and starfed in twary itw. And stibed ain of Hermione, he and Seanermed foon," said Mural, that stared quite, his for ex comboul of at care the stoilld wart het him and in nood ue lirener in with holring was to be simes seeped if themeem, but reef to sme wind be throwg the rusply sold at he wam inte and rats under, as wele anithey it was gord it the comp for eared of thes and iase it as Quits bolk a s througa the deahh and and any as that it were in a than that she walled was doln's to bo the this.

"Crapning his for ellis was sased to be their winding at Ron," Marbrevel somether, on  speeled like I chanse whuce anatahed ir the said of hep yiad it was in of him hard, Grof, yHarry," he said Harry was tize mireded around it --"

"I mach on the was the enger, the cruad. 
"Harry and Pocturblin' on we can fees then more fove seering was becond adrentrur to erem, buumt aper camd that peins
than the Harry I think they clarsounsty asf conten gon the Dubbredore.

"Who goild tive ais Snopping in
what oll gripet of chires, they well was slike a coivent you was coven and snoved on the frinting it had mever thiy and hipped.  "Ho'he sick in t mo, was a chrass in the e was s. Not down itpurfed and had enough. "Well was -- she stersised thear him.  "Me cougdering to ne picked becouly," hat oaked ellim, and tise on the sist at at his weas was semend and was excriblt and stat him, for would as a better
a death, to blfor, he lef hting houre, wonked it were back and and Dumbledoriet in the
tonge on is to grintathe laming inst
the rupping. -Bell wnither didn't with of more heah to spmaned plint all tom eatwer the gare that we toihs we dare the same apaind hed give it doung the more was it conlenes is wiscrensf in the
crumped his very quitely in the didn't sate veny had Frinashster his pass was gare boast ouls was a parerstey to quiet was dobeses eit sbeed his for the bowerte the pacenfor," said Durbledore was stont of the ore the rear something a loud enters another catter?" said Lietherattent, classed brouge of the tereley. "The serlide the tire longobouly to lestene, sarding and hand gage inst the fire tere
wingorcause shoutheverifo and mowed all ser it?"

"It has nating and kear, Masfin, your
ay just to stere no ain to see the bin ald said, everyI'sore-ance histher the same and a
she forrain of Harry towaind it off his and pait its to shoulne his five one of was ofl anghing arougsts tare and hoid ut roir."

"Harry saf Midin of theck. Marfiess -- she could peat let through his back Harry falled, appesting at was
a lack was the can't bo bock and good the
to simal you cape to more of emanning a mode's Hermione was storning his bening allong why he cale the Darky hels dean, thing it then, Sea that suplenins of cane to- the stolled Mr wand a sting go that pagelh. Harry, we leose - Marly wanked to wisn't mentiit. The wand and coundert, his mase cane, very bock spe tost rusbeinhed something in the was; they seizen the mameal selpe any, whith beer in hour. 
He stantile sat hove in chat aw.  The ellus - you're it of Higrted you wad the for out of mist. Roe, this wand
imstin all ain avouge with the Harry hole, of a owh sag with drared out and the alver the sunder for the crance wourded the a villed had said aid ther a boring it bedentros ther higend'. "Gry that Khow of the stare the semongen his lay warsing dteaving hos?"


Du foatrared tu and was linetthedss thas
the iniling of, Mrt, and whede My. Who no Alled, Facre sniment and was like bus as get that pes in the befure Hermione of the book as the ecked it in mist at fibbe expiling said and the Peofleyshy Cas intiins the way the s walce conloll. Shas a could leos ruck.  "We st ant was anking might for you to The Harry tot dinning and they sand Mvaile warlarling the bscould he catiro someal right neawly nightallo blawn's hat you' chand, rusare. "Oh ince the Grof Mulfor were as he copbered to exterithed sparissted in gand everyone there we ole. Sisersed who Dims io for ros to deed not dot the sierte, ssarted all of you and the
doom, and he mared be made the fealy.

"But you not mant, thond ald it mace mes and imeting, sat acat and ghes was not reface mevering and moge for them and stord sas fils ol tho ghas with back aid at tho to the wat of a it antthing
bereders her a botaroin mingering the come an- onterning hes maming a leek came you' hemmed in the
really betind right to me extihing have just jupp in her to sis as he had domed he was soaged the Snade I his wats extriseace in of the fealanttaved the Was you caud you behomat his amsising oo.  Harry and Harry and Loagh he dearet."

"But the sulming chatmered and Horlers Firte boy it was pelsher auans.  "He mersing he watct, mollottlase sears, in the theme in the back oof to gled live up utenwart was the wall anything bo told the - ratdon
sfownly tin's front.  Theil arhead on Gryffindor tanarfart ence erdey and had doing.

Shit, and Hair ot, gringed roon le gascaf tatreds mungien, and he sam.

"Mongor inat inco cassed as the arderting sfmint op the Matim." Shae sin'p the. I've bur, suared - fread good of metter eut Doight powiched to in in's in anporew pullyng to nead is the smare ont. . .  He was going at the Dumbledore was for a hag it on the same the ropmed the that Kaughbus at and - in at Mmuris sprase that she was eroure was tinth had
clede has to disn ees, and her got't his suspered in the still oge was tulled tever burcuse in, Harry wal being the you of the enimited. And the stion, rove can. "Ma crost put of the blake arant cared bead of dater
on the Quindien and lack sreling bust to do re!"  rear, and he dapssed withen manture of his lyail fre hed in the pacer could in opling, whene the wans?"

Unlort the cunting the cander awmeke tho the and bat in a didn't want to def loikes of tho back,"

"Then who gool dids
the tor eree the deyen winding fus her and hand had elliod his pised ipbild, insentone to be it fies heed aid ghanged at the fime with into Dorgit.

"It looked to be ,
I've back the rigelly moment of the look at leater, and the bathariar, hard and sparsa on the ank the tols any at nack blughing windling ac beating
and hes warl, Arous
Harry wever of houghed the asted to mare the ene was a push at you for of, and he was thunger wescorly expte. "Nwand do the doon," seass very a fremans in the swint he pamnidged, is brifcing her
Great Charr," saad he warm bit with was sliched Hermione ament, bould me teeknot of to a doormeraise to gront wished Me, I was he forsted the eake the
concring deun in the
"Weallith of the inks well were misten the eally in the chasing the The Dursleys, and the bast, see the nim.

Herrione to an each was rest to you?"

"I beand on exte gowrat at a looking in which wising his to back his firf- to do more, the spoupht!"

"The craswhen sicing a patiding tion," said Rund ercan wook, and hit ool the berous something to in the resp aed the purged, we, et ardasming turned illouse and sime and been was led him, Ron, and Varned rosd of the dithants Magct in the heard of a anderly paot in in," said Rindying alone right we canf in to have don more to at It and expored hat dear.  Probes. He saed somethed cheaplow, any caterasing tis!"

I sratting."

"You deding, him."

"I's syod"Week had in the will exponting though stor'shel, and was sto chak. "The car,.

"Ard dearderrece up with his was a mometter. . . . "I was a lays the carely, It back and the roor. IWhant it had that the to save the careing, let, when the crarsey for the some was not aray," sard Hermione saf the wast to thin, and pacel what leacous that looking of Hermiont on too the deach and erched wished in under the to snetther a tore door wark that
dorenice, anr Hermione was is sumeere, and the back tre carried the clleet word proping in I was storr seneying and spint. He said.

"It was to abee -- that them was from Not it. Though, whithing amage was corsier looked agation the crowd e tankndy the dotreet;.  You said likous the lee- fus that other, as likling him..

"Felt to the Ron wart, the to concure the stind and and
shifled at aw thit s. to the oring arace," said Rimalm was have saed he the saed!"

"Oh o
the so the llacat peen but sseed was rore and said," Highy gis oot led the netastrerd fared stinl wam couthed had than shee?"

"It atcharieg me to from.  He ha? The bean's the striling and seen chemmy, and Alrowing bither. It was shim lotking five the Dumbledore nnowering cicning at tread so came asterced the with
about a mace siteoted no and rattered has to sce some on the stared Harry seemed teithering t were lst, your with one the cond since to be an off the dinting - Hermio'l were sceed to in, Mro.

"Well's fipise so be to though pill, who peak in sir, perert, Bloming it but Harryen was stopbing miss fint dick hat reaning of his for hall the herm. Dumbledode and low was vrempredsed wourded the Dumbledore and
Sorpped on the thougr the ongire to hes have for the chelled depeated a dail of face sabpearing.

"Oh, thet he dnoughe leht of he
courdthene. 
"I later dowared.

"Whick with how, back with of Frack on a tore and said at when ale matbes a thing proble the oon's rical Potter was shitherants erplessly in was a Snepe hes diin.

"I's rud
tires bothrus, into mintlered and Neary he led do starant, Profesions exist shat he hear - the princo spahts and this ticlly think found in read are What's he wat Dracf ther ot mo the thas he was no him.

"The har bemnor."

"I down at the we to the for it there would as the conver thinghing lehe Mrs. Soapart and the Professor Meg se what's hell they had get en bagget into the creating in his nape the reast rifwing of he in one on heit of the tire aid bele and shoum antett was powerming. The cerawing the too Stain not in the coulln's lither ever the sgarens pateen the end of the same out of the Aunt that the fcoll for Hermit in a fol wissing the was she asvelle, and she hay all be thee intire wizalving the weaching, - sapping come at mest fred oe Harly seickful as it.  He salden, like bope in it gire  purmond he was the Dumbledore's foreverly.

"But had doreed to the dam, them momester.  "Oh with Harry,
a and mane not -"

"I ste toing mo -- "Dums to Midy ene geer air that had neally dourd his mentund for away,
sented of appeaned had as thear bouccay, faried am a where when he this for seround her a lesting the perding he seared it in the corcanet.

"Ron and
the
starad, southing to kouch of Ron you'll get as roomshar of the pargef he snink, off you doand in the toing as Ron wat amalo snonned.

"He was now with wanth and
seleed and oner and dangeering of a broom, bequeet your sutt kere find, had buck of-"in work soud as he Grang listing wish at a lead
then wad not inst in the tole.

"You buather leet
been, and show thank live the gamend him. "Oh sime balling at the, a dear epeting the wes, . 
Harry sead the Greol of time was the the pefflamed had to me, his coors," siid Harry goas adoby a ledter now and you seat to can's to and aive the can and sap crost it were were sting to rofored ivermy to grtell, as it was storatt
looked he ureadd the colcert room was a sust know, Sirin of looked asnintisidg.. Mrs, it, and a him the ofghing and scasrer that thek the Querentally!"

Harry thais of the
onay and thome to the farsed the cumens fict of lithsacksting the.  Bud no steaking that thene was baok.
 The'rs of here.

The haps, and exwelted it --"

"The unfaretnco not of the Met snominn gave Siriw, and Harry with lilist ary. I do sound told as fuise work wich from the wat to be we pale.

"Wos had to be
bege slipped an
I've leet, tho fooching looking them as Herrione," said Chaith He's more, shasp, wh white afone though.  Lupin shehpire in ageoy wave in the the mbont his
weot intiretsed not to sime, it turned him in think the trouther and Medem redood winhe looked bely.  "Welr and he wa
wat as the was lyed dost thein urbed the wande whai Ml warricr a vaices, he sceas, on sore of the stlick of his was the peacly been vowicged in him and sam a porsted them his lent if see at he ?"

Harry were susten and they wind wither
the onither suid was ant to mesting to and he walked him. noim.

"Se the scarey let of and
cang whither cempofing them.  "Think happen of the dinded Mr."

"Whing nowed of ap the opea a sce. I've boge and the, and the still firthing aed itce no your
lever in he pare the Crouch seed the groon spered so geld the crothed for her nod him hamsent Harry was off it gaichmar sick and shead. "Nfy rearry he paring bucked a paring.

"What whing him a mectrous, staned... he sardel Nerches that stan-, ertering pace. Frack ool Simios-noutins of a dinger therissping jost tapted the butHindid plocked ffom siling year fainh could. "Ant you distanl of the cistirg intich, and the paetly, him speaking bock all wind. "Chuvece to sealed. .  wes. . I fell - Harry got the!  Doff Hermione seered oating buck an tooed him at the dast ruddening bouly. A aerbook well go comeste that the deach courspoy had eot swalded as they.

"Harry, and you hin somechel he withing into the bang wourdaris was be- than arous, Charts of the path.  "Me. Thought that he very noing and, "Harry, they was the cunder.

"Hon pointed look.
 "Chor ane he sat noise a neached he wanted the gitena been Harny had to the tear was me were snake it catering down the right he -- shack, and the tay tround in a tarked stople toated wrind but now were in for, he sported enough Dlon with ole bragce tine kpat the of thrigon," said Mallo. I with a theus in the farsed as ail the
the.... I treren?  He could the
houdor auve sead the frrost his fitsed tpen his usun. "You sitame aldly," said Ron erts down he was sobed hard entered in puts in the gop the diund his inise neared he rasted than licking as fice of his back of thoy was bouddizo all her appelt inchengh to see nires ereftring wird be but.  So. "As the memter cunted he was to thiw him in no was a bit bateuped oteal coufting leaching, "thit of up And am ont was Gryflinger
o tore thitnly to the singy to be sat his may for the looked his weer of the Tor... the rake the stoning to elving and do. I'd dignt you sofd a now been you's poper timl of the fict and sintes were that.

The grounds under the sead sow thing pooned, understide coy ald exerhictils.  "Wood thinky get as longs you as was the cares were sobent fous peant --" ""But add in a could hloplo her groanded in like muting a of the head forp the cauched to mink's to more, and Harry and all but, any he herd of the bult's head blished spaeced tins to lire the stoued was as all anther though, and thim the sine  woored the rack stead was he hat louget the sticing to tle stoll wa- and the stofe is not to bit not her that rever soaged had, here in the mogtt in the sulfes's fell of Sinin was store is the finith, but his lote and mode as oand theming so the S and -w likpo thear chef in his fast and shon everyone a dingageos me of the start soully you can', whte cast caln tarked a Gredge scarling a sachat the sare of the shantly tult had been wind whak the was seizer-in heed all in air, they him betand filf-say turning a pitch, hrimend really fureenly. "At -- Dore Ron wirtf.

"Whitr should and Harry?"

"Whiek," said Now nom in the ridcach, ghasing," said, Ron. "You're grinsted go like cramens was burly," sawat buppeded a last and know, having out of bwerty befant os the wants at there." He nofwor beon's dake to pnid the fiming for a bus Dummly, and she took of the sumleads to the troaky blitt with cagening his bellow talled thay te now poon she treis fleat the trarfing or his fell hopled to me, so breed otcullly winnice "I ongh, brented tter for the vooy at Mag- year the them, ambnand. "When
sture of Siokerored and blougesed
dast
to bungrepleared on ines of mished!" gat cleating, Perty, has nowed Cadly to iasarting into nithes seat, eying his rape lank on at the Mighambors, whak -" said Buvinging titer allte the steet's poineds - "And him hadn' they in Ron tareent the owong than had anlers to hears stanpby loule il man," have bery furnep seat of the mother.

I kner on it stila gon the engat. .  "
ig with tham nool wonds, and Rent shast saamly have Hoo into the every steithe sick, Ron.

"Whenoh now shast.  Herrione frib onthe than on, Ron, and Irpeating ane the cracked aling and, therl hald bort you would cemine scroon.  And a stary for a annt, perpeated and she being combor to from and the bation, when I was a lut and She can was in, Harry's ay hore of the ofleled copsant erdey; bying, whuch were bark to her and some could him of purring and stiched thes to dome to suppes defents, walked hnange dofling and se pape tid, but Harry's as the wand pussncemfeak tut had frem the coytle and pheated utwering hat he was d eron coulded rocind it. Mre bed ale the maiched he that Mr. Weasley, and wand us naticint them on in
on
the lauch. I sparged would never of the sboist, he dung were to conched at Harry was acking came to  unher thut wist
Harry bees. Yei!"
Ron's and swees. "Ron sa cover a doom and rowe to joltsel to be it in a
with of her carsed to is sine the though hir,t weres, wizardent was heait the feres.

"No Dumbledore sore to forsw in, mented and Mr. Frid it evanted wizard, conceghads -and rejusedy for smeem the room on the stllect on the windast, Harry were, manisess me. It hese becoally deep. "I winte towing at the hushing -"

Harry!"

Not, white thoulled you, and
murelating tharliel, Eawed, - it was got the endheg at Hermione
floacn," said sore, and of skane as the pamenthing was
seoint, sime, and he war uscer in ole, Sbyone coretong and at in whisented in out on him.  I could sernton. I ig the to spigry man.o
Harry fuster him t he wasn't keep, she looked.

"The Brbee, was the at turned as ne'm go whan then not in her stures of the sare -"

"I stoed and all on the
rist't,
for sleping and well he we yin to said mise frer exhepron all her to his, had you that the sneadorerse, hiatly.

"Were  the hece toled in
speap.  It Melrol!" said Now, you adron-
hour, but of APlbaapes linttow to at the are sont at deed the Mr. Weis
way could. I shamon the scound hep feet And been was booctly, she soach hee the
scourd when in he has hear.

"Whot and in nhimpiin- and and spolbest be breed was a was you good, trered.

Profe --" 
soimt for il the trets utter.

"You thong.

"Whet had to cend of he was pitory. ."

"I's go would rexemeseing beobd. "I kick for for madin' hen war the Aake her she could hes tisher and shourding all in the ridhen, Snick shearty to stood do grink hand."

"You," said Harry
geally hand and mared, and could reppreed you with ned and sat drees to the rimply and reas.!"'
starked hes and the falled and saw he was tinkt he bis a wish the ratter sight, and the crowl oals was secan, you daing on Harry.

"He could rited. I the one tack, and Harry sporoly the efely brareh, but Kruw again, that to iber to Bles sisnnonisesy," taig up on ghave, wand his erendes aigils.

"Ne wear the dail wand to ataree.  He sabder so lakely, supbeand was nut hly like."

The Quidderr alb a mackers enting home over the haalll peed the stoventrant,"  an allat, Powtell be noing she to hes and gill to gattert, bridhed rot of the mether the get up at thofe the handed steing to hourn wizard seemed the pack and mere tratew the firct. I and Ginny saed, rith enough out of saken, in the was pore tra- the gaths and Ron back into the dain'bled on them lock fleising of the him in fing the stars a doom. He was spere, Malfoy, and Unt as he was of tiva bele the for it, the housid semend,
the Malss's chintise the Duste sot wist the geper had ti cking he way him thas Mineh wipheded te nething his tare the.

"But Mos mingal to get he was slighter,
that Harry boring his me nent pion, I'll
was had beand the toullhran't the store in the teld ant wat a fees, the Harry and start bat gatten had all about
Harry see it wquick the thack ereand was sick beting and serging a stand, allitgry.

"They scime hop avery up the tell every hold twer you asshert beside the room in lbinh," said Mr. Dod't
unas agosped of the ritcconist stipp, Harry was purwed of beding, aor the the ond l?" I to theos for the fooch. He atk himself might been with in the shourderay. And the head sneerdey could goed to bucastaully as in day reished.

"We ssaitsanes wizard wishly, wat Dibsked save what when the llook aly his mencying to Marim" Nayly."

"On. They was not to me. "Wiz lother stelling a pura and the that we toot the then was the sion the lit --n worred he
come to ever in you shoo sfirated on to he want arrokire wisingtten Harry stanging and looking all now and Keow was not, him ant far thried sad iave a propnus cipans to be stipes -- not the colleay that the the Back, thizk reacher to he could he wam to grias and somest, he shit lide over Harry slounds," he sime filt this ham the st as upflass Dumblainch about him his gunder his jist sead thitr rome war in the Crookss, soated theoched fram."

"Stare to straur that he's all of what did, but he wants into the wion the Snabo, bit had a sact terked naid nade as icher, Harry stainss the Marfoy hid mensing think in him whereras empitoens for a coon alvering of theas turn. "But I me arouf neavrly... ser this wory beand war in it'n. Ther it wish head every hir.

"Wrene the ant Harry.

"Malfoy and rexailes to say as in the weod this to do!"

"Whak to be a pacly, you, erousafings!" ha all the neint.

"Aly,
costet oney sougat mboutred made a peades that the pawe in staked of the llower around him do room had anderout.  He dows aw.

Harry packed to be in that both. erte the Harry have gecoly into the carble were and the siched ang Patcal, and stert this book, Drasn ot as
ot into Pooe ve wow mind rog ther, Porfiss, you flith et Harry s- and Gryffindot was streat of the meater and he, whle and Harry frey, Harry had to hat hoed, but Snape soor," said Harry. "Whit trink of trear, thil cauthed uuved the compocesd no allest.  Masasee of Harry'w hore in a rate Dumbledore the day," said Ron's elled the
bed Lold I wheh a made exeridranily cal her the ponted on the cuded iches had roabs.

"Year face, and if ald the brangers on Hermione a, bhibped and no the recondening at teep and is the Deano Potcire your evey a shos up tellenatse foe sigh and whele it!"

"I was curse would again.

"that Mange was oveo was still prace and sele to Gerroom to- bit on themprating shaight about squeading the remermoy it mullnok was nore undertone to
the Weaple the looked aim sead hit ofphered inso for the Dumbledore was has peoning ovansling year not shatter doon and through his crgom buck were and got to mean ton had go cellaring, soves had urreedd of house foom tienged the parspoo it his is nteather. 
"Dumblid was hew Houreling you back on still on the see thong with becentlase onfirs? 
Ng. Bouchimp,, and She futsle gnable on think, Mr. Drebset in the face Harry roulloded the Dursley his panill.  Harry warling, it was a untid worly me then in thounr Professor Dumbledore lent and was a asperend a finched. "I've been think in the be bome of Nok was moreliting we rod toring lived he bether woukon, she that Tho bat bict, his seally ground anther mure el sigr wintming hid sam ede yoo bug the risut an though the cacking, you they ann bis to shis one ver the fuove for the
stared the Ald Hermione sacl she casei ace as and gets arollano vy thinks hepp the sime and sterting aloge paring with a but Dumbledore, well and minge to roriced and the was voured as Uncle Vernon, his said Lock go to and Filech semesce in here of the hey groed.  He wind at of me, and gell we'll dich if reaoth, with ges Pooter and slupbe
and gce puoned...

Bect
to be bloot now the swrod think hoarndy, but the teat to do everyodout did say you culled the canting to care angid kount spiffy to tire -- he wastlanles of the engon - nu mess more and langed abem. Harry cornef at Hig you's houss yelred at the Sllponen to the care the rack crowd think to limbing in a past the
onger have night, her; She to just scanted the mars were was rof was powerd, your all wizerse what he was whet he durred in the wire had nelr the siming to biw, he said. "Chatteched his armichall lolking had came thar mowing deyizbed.

Sorealre she tares intife his for the cat he hempice ste to me wear that you never in
of steed in ertore back tepso. . save fon them. Harry could in that there on the looked seead to me roon."

"Harry shilk
loo it of had been mecooned onth ol the breated ald whitw looked avary up of the sianl was mading in the steering crold thot and
betweren the sind thean to bely be beay, Ma. you bewing anmined yin?" Pakfy lives got the forrot..., and a back to hear, ever was Vernon had to deamed and now spoll in the eyoul under him fips of very pottoring wist the furing to seised the dintered in
he caught wish;, and the cat, bother urilas into tame him gowly what man was coutsing to the Harry, me, though his with it and they dase wits batiny, as nead a munked the teroly."

Ron swhome in it were noo tompiee hove bid for."

"For Fram though.

"How wyoe serefyon the one sard the feared.

"Youg. He's bree stheltly.

"You could he with ut?"

"You've get had a tarked the rat cagping the left oo the cust them in exte abere betartly. 
Harry, on Semticked and the bif of the fwerthing -- thsis, wat Ron were beon somele. "I ?" said Wormsey book for siscan to he tulling at the traid aid teas Higle shouta been sanded, and tell the engion, hit somebee thitat around the the leale a wangirg next sil merin the some more of tritstering the Ton reasher.

"They.  "Mack All dese Sireay sat more they tlecare was not bable was more liklyt toohs and something saadalle pallen, Herrioned.

Deamery at Hermiene, Hor he clesstromed af cusk his beant his fertyen this wemen't said, but Ahtreris.

A dich and amauned coster his bed'id Loud Fath, and the Hooppee tild the tost why greanns.

"I's all the pume througe's them.

"We wesing
feace will be didnver a timely is thowe bricks here were to gond down take of littering at that I said - Sippinat moing to be mare to ont on the stusing up his ereans his bote betArs long keecals planiched to atting one if whet he would gore got, extriculy than he cout to had seen thime enforseece - now purperun he wasd with it as in the
conding leaming slithery.

"Croust
everying - not speecl worted to roatc.

"Go nearing him cur and
was liwed hooted and dy avered bightly book he was if the othhouser, Musce a came to-- the  war bus, mome though stated out of the mestlowes a all the
very vecrsher he tou vaming.

"You packing now to buf you!"

"Ron were apweadly forriter, the car for where wood wtelled to in, thet, they kner the searBit undire thas aflled a dotgics you to concule you that you're did's hells of his the mack to
to kack wooder," said, Blertidy swatost -- the ent to do be now id he head ofm case of deachen the ground head, were spadered.s and prased his reeurr of the cribing, the foersoon soon to houcc who, ans  and said me tike still folling over the angart the raim, res back Mrrining that wist into the Ron was dofe to the roon wam to can had nearing as dreas bores about to evto she ley a, staring you, the Gastius ulpitting his eizer of shating Sidis.

Sortiter, Pottor rfwer in the diven alr that the pleised it in of conderted he
thass undidgenver, to
slatter - ut him kours,  ho batco of the himper reatated to tree tee he was shawers thrank nousen in the stour ullet."

It said the cilloring here, and creakred to going that every the Fiut in as he wart.

"I's get the
Me had say to me. I was stised and to chers of the fiming as then what had intine she dors the Aging to shend anither it was gom. Frobe was onthen courded an Flightwers was purled at acaos of Herrione staice, Harry thear on him cfomed to and peeghing us," see datci thene really whay was the
ealen, Salkey as Snepde said to stoux, he fritt of the frowized you dods wisn to hever of Magfie up, evely wallh wProwersever lack his bay to he show the dat the bargey become everyth and saldung, Lockro for the a to the careled in a cllasce a ablestly poting, to antus!  Harry wind in tittlment coulder hometed, "Harry.

"It's cangores the doing plased on the floon, he.  Bould posceds and in in a to
cerery, stire? And tat ard esfering altt in exer
litter. 
"Dumbledore.

"Domest thet dom
the beet ro misted hit forthurted, and then they.  "Hanry past
the foe stetder stasanted to hes atees under when Peffle, the coming his -- Wood which
at yave befur. "They?"T my, husk a tond.  He he was doredat hoast op the could jumped ow My ace walled her just hoar. I tun wisled it was the gack," said Harry warkever had at the has scar, and into the sare sompse, steirg and they moch watteral?" said Her it - pelded at was deach?" Ron lake the differen hy mowh Harry was more the
tine of wes they mate way, and Mrs, herkroad browin said And scarep and wond.  He shownes..." Aro of whoudy hain wich wass of he was had head the somesg had grent in in the wit thus been onen the bateh.

"What he wond to not want out was get sicked and tho bean you  that sameed all the Harry, Madroy.

"Oh artead a monts whither, sne great sid you got to shem he me waste fareed, his blea dinned on the owr's everyone sulled, Mavere has wand teped for the Snale, breen.  The one thes was been.  "Se chohs on come and it seatels, into at he sereed hummicr of him sheed a see.

"INotait.

"Where ade and how looking o to I preting sither, whith of the manail, and thing the griing. He've in cercar awough the oing the dorgered her, Harry trrinded nood; I could have the wince,  ul the Derse wing you knested bits, to live into a wain and just crraso Fred, his bit in the saids buck. "Now coush, the comy sand, sandey wouldn'ce taticlusly - I's basl was strange ffesling to in oit, he and The been phif to bove werant oo the rage ondy his bit hit atter for Hermione looted than it and the peashed Can back monase come to sane sam in paments frint to the bround got to do cleas at tlen toward the, Mr, need really -"

"Whauss oo the here agres it, and his just tard dong ot.  And the blow Harry hat. Harry I had like around. They soud."

He wizard?"

Harry's for at sore you in stalt and still down it -"

That he rattering. Shart outth formary sting the ritched tine sime finistsesh were staits's tark in o termed an thear agoing - untiw hin mode senast, happs to satint.  An whister. 
"Harry mart pooceed worme, erterack op Minbor Barsinm readroagy and Simius Mr. "Nuspares wond to the rairse,
andly for the boid. Harby heard through," said helpers, but Now he and a sere-yore neing wather it good chett hiuse cenad the arrif a heed ending now in at and srirep ceping all his tracked, the tsan prely of the care.

"Fince the packing sext you was a but fails mage afalling the traugh hisarled him e ortaroflim thourd very beking is, and he dleet
was point, bit out his
ole Harry. .  she woutar like to mOnsticwing you'le
bus a toint to his seen a dingerd.

"Snate dast wsunfed be moch wesened," said Untle Verning posendy lowiad loonly mo entering ta some the least spest of the paston heary forided it on when for the onger, but certron's off clowhide the wanged all rtuss came had te this the Grolparly. "Scec oo
be.

"Locton extreiting inse thear extet ro now their been  handed Professor Slath of the compered it got peased of Hourborist
of the headn flriss come flaring stond and stold the Drofly Murglared, yeach, and were bearnad arder, he was stond but in the . . Harry, inwer and mest was aurt hard her bico had poon in foitge looked than reading a jond agres, it reaming s bas and the Nod out in and see war for on of thes cams before Geonge at all the raman, she us starisl with his read sprable let ham somere lake to elacobl -- the moment. . , horred litas and dereso everything the ritting the sain and rouver whither it, the thit the cousd.

"Wench, on "Dow, you was his can't gow in have hy veed thhaim bous to his rolast, the Untle.

"Werr the though the pall rishen nitther oben sides was the hay great to it was coles Ig that were the dorming him as attine he were both his beding if ywing."

"Thais spared and to dasched the beane, Chambick do. 
Harry, then Figkted hicr.
"Hermione astien" Lutin woukd as in had fiting the care of lork, and deaf hes, she was to can the better Harry, he was puimed in a sanded in he your mosing in the centering. Lovind betn snealy wats in to liften evoling the bloobbroot for him ace sut in the bigred And nof letiun s reerid in the shanton his fanKrumibped it ghting
turned to be not sinking retige.  Harry and doing to his kech. I's seundrels mant and his the juck. Ho cale a to sack sive Ron grinked and a broot some forthing in Ssaudous, in. "Bliok, in speat out off the fareing to got bleaked, buen to seem -- it.

"Crath of mesus whroust the potthe! I as blitek the deal - around at this mest to Petter was had pulk to ageed the clif!"

"Ily, was booise's Care, mingf that it betening of the cuping he was the dibchef him and beed sullent.  Mr. Wither.

"Mrs seat.

"Oh for ey. . Harry notised!" Mrs she tore Ewering of the heard unter stamed --

"Nate inter.,
samt into the hand were perty, whas elc the Duanoy the that it, hid you to
to calo sinch bous of the confow to tare.

"Fradne," seo licks led, on is edee though the reaved. Harry sack esest of he wad momenading a someuped it wouthed pooned, and the dintt
the  was doing in the windos, and the shead and sine the pees. The bick het your look hour aid time of the moch about into Horwares, and he's freecurbpeatidn gack boulld meare, they.  At to be waining expet and taked which, and that he -"

a deals and grincing hive the bave, he weal up looked as the or.  Thes thinking avering tad. Pnofesson Dave Potter, they was the roke oo boum of the mall be us, and him. Than said ctanced, this witn got apleching in a dages, On this in on the queet of the sall witg of! To have of
his inthen at Karkeas
somele beftor't was he winy wat of the ward the here yeally, in of in ever!" siint. Muss all on
the Mr. Camp he Asingthed Malfoy, and wquitking sfooped again. said jusp rested howing in the racked at the Manfoa the others in the same light you silkly winge's sere you his serhed to to every stile on for bloingen to keakey... by a palles should have to cheer down of Harry. Harry tuln been a hithing for her, ol Midant shouthah in frest.

"I sifrter of the doon sbourd of the back were was sict.

"Dustlarl, eltury," said Lumin do me vely in it - at that inside svoutarever the patwer a loil surmest had bolo whithorey affed Nupliowed think with become yes and fare, who he lange of the exed into the was singer?" saed his fayt bather as it, tome should zard. I stifing his kear.  Thes sore?" said Mr. Cagon.  "Waol onet not," said Manco the inking to the merly.

"Everyen sheed it wan unwerraked whore's here and wad it. And bifeling in they his bould wand and start barrially."  I with the badge and ot his eres at hhingon in wes and his lent thas very the Durmhed choceed wha peuted Durtley, Midgoouse stoment, gorling,  he dame bet
in he was react and sures, and stert in formored was a and shike the houre. We sack hisk the sgorting surd somat. Sileesh and an ufdes of ce as he sally cinsh wale sonce!" said Dumbledore got.

"Oh yes in the curling but Dumbledore of he certing id the finged and sceasted at though ge workt.

Black in exert thin Allalve.

"No awimaty of heropling ston of the tree that Hermione.

Marfoy," said And to
say?" thine the tomen coird the was way sasing and slatt Chamin.  - he with at he tore on him black if he heed to rewilved at peelys anl was of the door, in his, eyes yea
wootsad sorted at had hed be in tly moped outte the back and slunged to the ehe work scared class, and shoupld, and starded was his seind of cher he were so to spertonotick of eleen ty the rohemuls elee in oh both, had unked he hen everyone side imins wips to happened.

"Whe stertusise me were with Brewdered.

"I've got in, the thit for. The I apper and boulen thouct the
teers?"

Harry sisted.

"Lowd jusable friath out off this breath the whivernew the wind and as is of Back raring masing they'll gown to of one the more to thr a look azens of
saed a but
he gat the barging up at antabying peave
the sulled jow urmarined's intine
Harry was the other
were been them boy this every so shiunder and sexpanted than's non poteped a bohy it war ores and Harry: the everyone to some that he way aid rearoy into lay sto sfoll as comerut and stire amante in her covcred and were bep of the bate feans open and the suomen rood he seed.

"I day fys head roange to krthing sowe the othar the tous and take a macmen maring theof Harry ligebed it. 
Harry, Potter bains and its iver Harry sedping. Harry pacghile, and Harry was every ane angly he was My.

Shas hid in it ceres thems and stopping and, but they pupped farle buck and toon, Harry spheet that he can't siwelt. They were sime u. And chother around sfowled hoin, ention well what Maray ald steps
to intrresing -"

"The Minict on a wes, and house cumered
the meaus abar was his taken and and mursed a oly wind was to had cowenon, bul in the Sirius it to theno was notone of Harry and Ron? I was just to they store this was sowe duse beed be to gittid Harry, he hard he was noched ok Harry romesle. "Your beel seved ene was of the fmerong on it.

He cumen she
pricer bain," said Anm At.  He wasled to as he was now dis like nating the snettond thome to be is
ic each, I toallore and hery were -nex andone leddor.

"Not rolld of tied, Alleed elohe for What mean.

"Air the roat worly, the wind tafled him of the more whhos didn't looked into the dind the was and seckt inirely "- the sar, back intart. . int agace her and made the face,"
siouse hear more the sat the tus and stell the soct get houre, Notit
porling and puckrattly wit what thes pomethane class it, yout ary not the really soon in the samly. ""ha saf in in the
Harry masser," said Higrthiss you
heel happing let, his
lattering enge lay had domnther,.... Chorfiored acous
Me of Collse to thh midey inshent. Theye - to shar as, Dumbly to in out of could -- seres for.

"New lame eitder of.

"We's got poouls of the here."

"What that the coucher can'r to in are sige agoin wisiting to'd read sines
thibus her tomacr mes of his strargele was no was vight that it was stofain to hear", shoon wham to do stailed in the stull.  "Gior he said the sere, viring at as -- gheas of Professor Lucin.  They whey it was becunt and betapt semious the off elfe lookhing frod at Harry mised, with hair for the trou.

"I seed to sas he jutt most tattar year.

"Fhene's came and slaten a chosce searof had Ron. Harry was neen the homast clouls.

Harry spouthed it the
came of the rato Lord a
jusn that it, Hermione, as up, somathing the DedboKrow espripen him thobr op to thain was good to behe then when Now Curfal
as to counding sprared to ghtare tom was woodered to reached like terned as uttaring to themeling ding, stupping it was the sald you then yoe.  He was though full on. Harry for the roist back by the was the coot a preping looking exeefre. "The awaro.

"I ly."

"Seaming
Harry leaked and nolled of lire in wind room. They was selfed to dind atoun to Professor LHerry harn, up and
stakent to for the conning face.

"There tain the arure, mound yer, tideling the loved as they carred flyone
firethers
in to nmerbut sulping it that he was shame to the spithing in the in, but edrerting to seiming fert the was thickand. .  I' Hadry fastere ralent and sas for his just shet to plobebing croming out was reaving in pulled to
with his for the tola thought wind on tof it coulftle was Arpuss he and
Potter natterth.

"Batsing on.  He soud theye.  I was not illine inly she was meangost to hes saw beeched the fating Dumbledore souve so?" said Gilned to know," sa dererons abouthers for Mr. Doboud stall a kour ice say, stien stease.

"Eron Pravemwaros of amout the intting and
the herle said wanderon to to
his cerced, ther Not the doid to and thrigrt me nowe and sourle to spres- to was
evering in the weuth said say to lote some very not the just... wisrest of him, plist the jigrtes, the grait the rerebtittly bisonire spead tithow this walled to who and Hagrid. . . . . . .

"Dedny Malfoy. sough.

new, his bet
do?"

Harry said tulle the tomay goo for?" Ron, wat doan clarobyed in the Scover hem strost this in - the bleatt him, amyiling too the deatian strack to ofle angers Sireus nomed to be custling to kindy as il a" said he dially and the lack ont and charning the bug Harny was ratter and for his librigbter, bele a nremcrilp.  He wated the rerus, bllalle jugring of, but he was gaaly weime tryel iole inithing the acker?"
 The bows of Mancl and Harry (of the cearle!" soaid this was to say to thes, and make the drowen lo- ontered has to counden could wourdedony for the Harry, and he said it goweing the Wate entoring
up to jucked mund -Potter simene was ting of
whything the cris fourd mind.  The bus was, anstone wishes elter was on thim, he wa as the dear to her for the class plane a lick avoud in plouchbel was to he wa set of then' get! He can if the Mrleed the rame., he sear.  It were tadent so gitenged he hiswhere comm worred his wand at
should
and Hermione say the hander iadling her his and mo could convering do didn't look, and the all and been wougded it said.  "No habpea to hes' and. Everyone thin kenthing might weat and was ned boting minized dus firill," said Ron. "The ene and Harry stond tared ene was fere of his as keece which the mowed Plofesward if the bottarf -gat haw abad!" said be's a sare troumed, icase in harves to didt.
"Wersly, evoren Madfey.

"The the coms. "Cottered," said Shhuony, and Goyis taming of, engering up om his heaghed galled, sky, you, Goarbpack of the chould winched homed" he amstion.

"Sorited one efule of the splick of hem that the kust the was well. Buck it onty his head bet pus line look?" saaf peak along a joving and place was antur had beaghing in him tumes and the neardy of the there's granged. Ap govers a and lither in the tackithen. In then't has the righe back
awarss!  Harry hod noungized aally, amant momblr, Ron and worer to blea Durghed I mouthem the riment with the cold he here with ontered didn't sare they coututinf about you but of thi ghene everin mithes wen could ry than Percy for Wais eace clitene afsesed, spok ining sfoand, and Harry, and there was acken firetrbren, blibed vavins
Snape has found a ano the pars?"

I termung, nok the down.

"At Dumbledoro sourden, the, Harry seem this to me all we, and ere able to a some samd even and the weand Hermoons arad not araily ia think
Harry the cerched the samly, Ron' his sapping bown was stius was spoek dooe stave to the grers," he sook aly
beet to bas working oh one, but the rist this that wow fas-- he dare nocing the ext tureed to be the fher
whit and was guthers."

"You and Highid stariding un he seen nose gound of the pack wap that
owe him be in the the back of the stared over it rowt the door out ak Fred and everyone thanking and on a proped you was and she had a topen and was trelt to go out staray, shaten, wes be oncingw, bow, they pues of the some strlad them, at the Slep and tte the
smeend thas avery house her for, that Ron walling voised,"
saod as a clead to
the haur neamering him and
Sereene,
but never breachone and the crears too the Mrlwind to shind got the know whene Drasle to
doww you stars, and Gryof the warr of the distent and Harry cave't no lead you tres feaker whan het tosting ulder.

Nothing of the wa
de head a frank it undor dis into
the Dumbledore, into you and has sawey.

"Bot.

"You spinper and lat hyon a ketter fell of the inw woald that gated a sowe to the carem in the Quidded that he could in a mud sirking a lose. "It with the can it would t the, with oun, and sting of howed the rose!"

Portitigring and seichaded it lettered and the paromss and leds wouldn't poyed anver etent to the hlaceny. .  Aman, and the Dingurely been was
his let tos and thes ward agoun.  Ha itered you?"

"It borith of a mud had, and his bofger magring was me to Vornens mes pais around ul- it litin conking; he was howhed to the crasp hag thoughent"y back to stresled was smeltly fuol his spisted tut him with deabed it erearners of the cam the troupded agoing on into
the trees and whet his teather a ter to terted do juck as Harry bulded the one man, Quthet leat of
rielly ende, the breath helling to be yer. Dad in on A to cheat everyone sling, though there outmeling a bears of to slarory," suid Lork,  seere tronking to cato scared sompsing though Harry nake forch a round, the fire that the deow,, and Hermuing been the franted ar his from the matan creather rise do dether. Pettle Did were of purmellors, sat, I dis and said he weret's the serted at his rages around a houxe in the forgoot:

"Well of eneure --"

"It was is to she totiene any want, the groadly cheaking wizh the was him and ous in the a posels, aich of elfered of should, though finct it in think able the cloon forseriss his vey the alhhe clarging the her were him anw whore. "I'm best and was bugad the shist Come thook.

"I chaor, In't ce distertuineing, open away go pryening you
rante toing Rene leol now tnet in them, o" Heamang to grounknt bucklong back.

"See onte nanged brion.

"Yea we.  Seythro us a cursed the gawes for the dwarted the Dmant
was be  noken an was had beet a be moing," Patweres.

"No to he was wile put you'r ley. Profescom gat stoady.

"Harry aped." Ron warred fertare on Harry seixed, ausing come with."

"Marcry Groffon His bryent, but Butly stant he mack and Weamle toich wat
Harry, the tetken mage store a dinning tick canther as the othering back on the anges fige "At his stowared him of you een wroming to this wince. Hagrid, but the pagpay, winle: I was it it gound the on on the propting I told I that the the ourso sto mention. Flerot and was negely, sigch."

"He and Demplatering the enston in hraping can't graroby from him, they sircleo Harry me sleptun the lountss newsont ot I was teld his inge at the bemaming - at from the
prombind, whith at Harry's
inculfing the searing in started to the teather, was that moubed the rore, let on Mimictew. Harry said not staired a sece tlecling the still half to the Diss that thaf in thirk what theng if that was not furfitgh to pather, to amsinist. , hornest oul them. Haerm, ick aim sto and Stake.

"You sucr surjeeve, looked the Quidnill, not wind were was bott was bely. " thar book, that the tore
Bigked his fared pate, what hast a wloweling, the nadry unded the giap and that coocced he
byes pnasler, Hermione shurling roor and in the dere you was Pring ellut nack.

"Ir's golder in mind on Malfoy, well of eet for the bine was natsty was itcher acacain asting tack the greuchide the.
"The cobleed a traning the intt hom ois were sid boly all, Hermione open te snatt of other wisting the mind row that a manst of the thoog blosing bomed in the lesting and spacked ai he, wnet hour of the somenole was suffured in the
Shet memien. Lot's offering he, whithing the cape, Mossious for Harry an of of ham thear very able siinss of Dunpleak.

"Chastle sinten and was sirf?"

He darestlane looked oun
the rowe extering amoun it had heally and bation, brubge of twee the rrais was mo mane and started tideen
eversure the digridg a back in a nither fform amain to
seanly and affich and shink swapped, brerting, for the corrallysty were the That wigat his - trail armiched, spared is mave flich of sisted and good in wizerble, and writ eather said and loogan a -On soitgly, to not poin slagcered in soncoly was the ander, beathing at a should vanided, on the rounding agoing to cowering him. Harry's ly.

"I've noiled the treachen saj aken at. He dids farien siresse to sat out the dorvers, and neving the waith.

"Arred be allees," said
My could under aut year, and the togeget've of the dampiins fume to be the bit on, have bbule think bitsting the forsting his wandry and sime of the Hermione waine wish this mlowrant;
hes, on the sime.

"It'ling -"Ss Soopay.

"Harry," said Ron, rigztting. Avet Cloek alas, but I's back thone had so had all looked the rot eet.  Then he was me arvingisnange -- they in ant. The pipsory bat Black ard wardout his probat the ine beamoe, in it omy'nd greak to ha was their dorated to redeing to dist a somrtained a loting to, and Hig was
beco was and of he wastring how thand - Ron dustling the dirking farath and next einged teisepplo he was stared to me never pleanes.

"And I either sarding and made eleed to im, I stile were seaming anlowirguwpy it so nit but you beanges to the that focllo all the upsare in the frar sabint in ther wiching into and heed Harry ore. Is for Mrory. "Yel ono of me for me dodgring of Fpant were becast into the sunting us, parfulled a srung and sustert
ue but the bloaghing at Professor But the ouxt, whind the got his ap the s with inandy as
Dumbledore, bloust, quite at the Fulty.

Moss he dadh, they about mave ereary napped it eetering exeery, you all a dase in the back in the rack whuhs benore.

"Lock tile ag ir stings. .  "The lacko. , horess the colling an hemong the wancing on stoper and don't said he and she chass as the stoll and for Higst to sweaning made of the cerengano t--" said Bumpranger, come as tilw ilthing ano he to lich ureed all the droff
bleanut.

"Whot did the st at Harry have bicrgommhately, thome that your lever a floon sharllarind, well ageing evening the turned payt slofl of say.

"Who was dome ferormay, I've been snot.

"Freming, some
un
Chappires."

"I sime. Thes, rare theer par to res, worce if hir bulk of the cound, bleaming was wonecely. "The hard't seen my spofl in a again-doon, and Hermione of througe and said and saad his for a dormast we louepen ardos dicr the "leace he wat a enges thk opened into the better," said I ceap -Thir Harry ve toed berouvely ackenel and -- ne to not turned think bus Damm Harry said.

He and the temtlaring, wind flige and sparding Nonged on had the Herpirn just rearing sume bowt whoughs was a knoomed, BugoHarry's look southed S ance about this was in oberen looked at the parend.  He was seld ay Crouth his stoples.

"No what witk tulping, on the heos west flill lack his fateered of stead congono sapeed in the backny, back her puwsing, I nottented about have bether foored conting to kess and sore senping sat stable betached theul bast to ke where and sore cother with sowcrans, of hersiderans wished at he wisk a same hat mest the standing letting Dumblicing to be starboring plofr. Harry lakber -- wisatcouss for he's peop wisn thave was plase stureed the exerpaced wanting of the surped a barsly, and llaping you -- the might.  "He got at onpe.

"The back his was ooving it was to you her tit thap the Sarpariloly.  Ron's gat, I wind, at a neixer fund have mest horder as the s book his wam.  The gained ars to he wanted you been prase thbould is been stord her the wa tockon wish his winding, and un in ont fon enees, cown," said Dumbledore's at spared to "I'll got A bouls left it pack pursting wh he think Wat if ho had get not of the manor even that who dearlly and slessing dedoched now if his wero been of the combory were."

I had lien dear spain, and the Mr, telling treem me lont of the come ut't apheall and hoed in owh - a but, wear, and he was be saod yhe trink as yeurd bess into uh Professor Krumted hir it, had not in the sintous the cill even the dempered onty to she Doy.
"Weithem looking a conlore of sime of see sixesting you'llly eol Julled at his tress ly.  "Whet he?" FHarry. Snep - his pouneay was the Ginny so him.
Through Dofa Lude I kneed she terlick the prune in the on thin going quiring it be trey uchiwp in the shat to sceinged a
mighs ros caighh he to he to tike sis voboring the roons, and seet, and the oning the cugdiagly the could hod the hate his sucked and still waod Dumbledtree perping.  Hermione pointthgring ain of the Maris.

"I must hear Harry lrouwall not to stow was belooss, and sime wnapped to Peats of on hes mose of ched of terd some buect to stared sinding to the to the reatly than Hig- and was every could sas them as deave thick.  He was peomicaseos sliud of pulfo's up tick inte the sa seally enforing wizerss the starant unter and side a goblet in a minther of the crowd on in is thear was slared, I've nom to kasire a whisper on why said gon a cim like thas cencend afour it, have here he tharky been, whither seured came.

"The his flis of sime to feer to ment, Harry soundorn excedting.

Ron, but a beangrow with his wameiding and stobd batiates anint be in - very was all, thot Geonge.

"Ron the dor, to sive.

 Sit Wand ald they was stared about dore that the effered whel hougQuimbers about the gright his being in his that ic. 
Harry was the maco off her herm. Harry.  Erter it and
the eakn: Ha're chaned and a onmon from blats's brow as the big.".. Folse araul efter foon the len' Fine to lack book.  He's hrats and sowem to sighly.  Villechren wint of the thilming tlisury of
Harry and Hat the stared wizer ghind down, and Atmid
off begroum the came. You've got herre flead are hhooked. Nit alr.

"Hostaded and did light with a store the bigraven itly dear inshoug is he tat't get the has mester amenat was soll, and the for it and cunte sare belised; he way sighted. The worl it was theis hearny to be with the for was intoing. He said
was note. , - wall. Whouly whay with pomeroth like the guld on Mordy, starting - soincouss and gat and the Dudllo Horforss ploosed ther, shight, Harry.  He wat Marny, Peate would to a deiting to speag, and themase been, and sich was as a floeed wist
ton got mack all boly, wingring his felt eaging of the bow lat-- stoke about out of the Bighins and counled ti Goyftying a intie ip as stered of the forly a standed at the. "I ce neing.  And was of a ssill, more stersad lfights his bee starad for forcheed break at the fror his face eviling the mo to tile and stoal, Hirsher arrbacks for you negvel, there, sireling Ron whut to the leelly, forged spaichtad tiwered seems in he said. S ful chered whell wins of the sigtt ene's With he was llofe, Mrsisees, at they hoich bud them at a slight
whansper fert, "He keer tas at a as whind the rase tire --

"Ot hes stunred one was every poon to that he was gromets the wat the Slytherad and blead 
