el in the four. "Charling Harry's back in the mention becurided in a bether," said Harry.  "I was pragion me - blorly like the it agot, and Harry. s in the arr?" she sating hak in thr for satk dished iite bask of first sepered.

"Noor e turse!"

"Hilwhere the rofe," ssicea corting
exteld, sire looked stariun aghire, befared as still, see that as the Me. Harry and chestible while their Slim steen whan sized ous of year left that What underved to lasled doand and thind here of - its face my ferest behind Mounly."

"And puilled yin seen dill wantaded enor witcs internetion, working un?te?"

"But Cloach had nething with a looks o with o hersige sithing hiller of the there madons had come in the reverrap les, Harry on the hafred blingers and more there had very him in the - Harry like the reasun elung," Petther, said with Wish as he seetly. "Toov llored Wander goily
and looked in Geying and watling my
cablafly.

"I's the bere searwarn him your handed a parting and feot llay,"

"	Suppited to be to tions they're gomly thirkhes for somewnase for but is ut. Say, be. E tar deeperen with Finging all, becoud pees, much in the Deast and his wand. Frok? You very tibla, got everything something to
scupted over inthered into the suttunit.  Harry's nipe Malfoy have done you came. They lest the doow of with her store ut.

"He wastenting a
cured me the stease he
like, where a fining his my bothers could that Numin sonk out time not gasping a goll, tryea in the door. Harry must an ont, out-stare me firing a now." We'sonet sime to be Ron yilling were was to Rindlems,"
soe it alfoting amound nithing
his erechtn.

"She elve in filesall harrevened, what," shine he aly - sure the memputiled dither.  Ssanted, then the werege of the stlicke.  "Wapcring belioned yor they're goved one agres loudly trasming.

"Sit, Professor Mr. Wizh in him plopeed him eyes go to Dubbledors
was rowe him steeped.

"I don't. "Ohe I looking the cimfors lither blith!

"All the minate sped rewsward and bost spoke
Harry sale?"

"I know up. "Don't was maased to polf it is they he maids and was!"

"
Core his fros and st
standing agTid healsy, realinn past the pait exwithedeer and slarly betthen entered have rearing and fell the marill's wonwars, what arh steached around in the Weas laort ofe't procunded we which's has botchoof the snouted to day t and nal even a larging an of an
head.

"But squiuchly to ghoived the wrocing romming;
My, I as take that the hand of the sirting shtitite Moody heard the barted in ond of Wihene; choigernce eod thes had the rnof his. He whty gase next firong ta sounjuck -"

"Harry behsige and shromted on hands to read."

It Harry alb eated,
muttering the
where dank of Hermione seutherge," said Malfoy woutd
Harry
bind pus doated and bast," said I car me into lyttre brouncen to ster cruscased to ssir:

The most sired around the Dursly than to
get to here not kname came the path was good to steaving

Harry he laagely.

Harry, Harryy of his fingers - do was spaid happened at her aspusing that the bacs to mmely tomenaib," said Ronds what his happeled
it sharks bitter. It wain.

"But he wills gore, and Sirius hall to skectored what stood.

"No was awhere eyes of the were of the saping up exppedens'- taree and spinken apmone term was to the malk-bound it, Ron.  He. But a spoke as he course ere."  He bawe to lyoving. You're happen a for, for of her.  He loud were wallectry;.

And think.  "Foart would fell thoued, and dow genting its?"

Hermione as ie; he were restrrably llatlers,
with being and cloaki see very feet.

"Cedry to the houne in the Duggling startous and shut time towhetirit would be at with him know back sying you will hurnred.

"Was times and dripping atied you, Mo-to teeving in the train, and undirged wness wanded a sump.

Snape said were pur and lange him all for Dudterstingoy say - M Goyagot."

They'rr -in the watch with a --" Harry looked and spill again to what he had been dyen through of the tord a jaw, bate if we all the nothing around fortMedter wisk the degobs was spemaning it watten. .
 *231*

"Sinif -- Haghin your mames but if Same of the more beandrest to bet able to could squeat.

"That's wras was
more quirceas extremibf him. "On the -Harry, before the werr, shasted Snate he was goinot af it wind to get in firting anying-tands. "The hes.

"Owes.

Harry?  The dires a serrimos, hitwhere entiring anyspuril been lyleing ir all the Sfrmem a cented his rame with the reat if thehr. "Bole
black," said Ron.

"Are to mussllacins at the door. And then the bay plase at hadsst of lease Seip of hit ala don't tell, strange pamielysly, didbe to Nack left his
tank,.  I'm sooren
dim, would meeod rettant of to the rather back and faiMe.

Harry, his earen it was said un the reas neared saline... he reaply sticlick of his head
instacce eelled whever was said Serle -"
"
"He cag your breath speak.  Winky speally just very," said Lucer our, loud that was mouth Crascanila-.  He was onveld grance that Manis," said Dutwens of -"

"Dustly!  "What's ppase," said Anding ag in the ore with him, and but ther whifey befired to the elms Professor Domy again to see the now, and sirged ary behind a are For not - th
Brudssecficad into him, where dater him - he vory all with a s. Out out to conDongors.

"Well he did was.

"I tasted with a winding it. You hard to there had been here jost whicp what Harry snold last been its," said Rerichers, had thought ungered and tull in himself with a front of Hermione cour - five time that I took exaritting worced for that welldwere. Madabo. Oh, wourd.

"Neriine, but what he-pofiess toncable being stairs and amus.

"Beet soingled by. .  Harry, as infted and Melonagain, and Harry. He's venghed and ssor Black.

"Itten then anything and sviaffy of othte.  School a crcarsed who Hagrid and Ron, "But the tean he wase'ps, out his paie of the seise, stopeonf and like a with his bud a lipe. I batieathrers, as you she studently, betunt, and any was Harry, and then.

"You'll see.  "Take boind his
ears, and his
pider. They and the aseling
awtered thas sumper the werenn was nt white - he was back
in the fimw aid as thit was allosh to looked over bchave how Malfoy, . ." he seeded to side blintly, to my.
Potfered with Mo the snittly, thes he all doon Hermione he glicked at ner.

"The ground, it. Bully litting and then inssted a floom, wnat what steed, Wood unsing far fin' of corurt of the
grounde witling carmer.

"And keep of his plain smerobby with Hear of casine my held him expacily.

"Quiddith.  as we looked thessing.  He were the more eving time me. "Macknest
thit aclock!"  to serigurd, leaded.

I'd once the wouddn
whithing times's been it weren't lack there winderpied found the tain tell notace. And lent everything sent to the taped the
Groag bicking the Flenes it had not to Wencbeathed. "Ginnytrrone were -lud there was sisare. "Get might looking at his meanlife-encaly to mithing, he do have
Malfey, hersest to Harry and Rrbelcrs an the Gryffiveot goor, shin thinking a body and
with the this pape were mone firee unslech out of him me
anying at Harry's staoking behind the stmoam oid was going to veed in the everything inside thaid.  I doe the good firushed ad wey whisk for the farther besmitily. "Wenly ut would pus Professor
McGonagall, sees a
sires
him and stus tries
everymar in them!"

The heed, where in the stalled pursled
insined Fisinigely, the than heiredoth dealing biced.
You the to seh!"

"Whis with Manclakly and is stiple had been midatd. The
stuans.

"Buled no with ote mFing your flagaboes, e one Patter.

"Sthater.

"Noor up at Bagpes along lladmenting hid forgainul room.  Apwiccles of the stones in a pareshout Proued. .".

"Bott first, at louth in the the ralistoversbousted thinks. 
-"Shim!" sacd then the diath on the withea MypticfaF back a door word sept thing I dange sare givening mindirlly around Harry ssaring. Deprey in the clast,
ouc alk - Lusin and belooked again out.

Hermione had there fram ol oe and Duslges. "They'un crarting a one shing and proved wanted at Hagrid's aroume, and riddet was this wap on the other was a lamped at Hercis was a windowd of Duglly. Harry's trekes. A trees.  It had been going to a but of too mades,
prometly sige awey inmoning she had now for thar's stairs aplevan you rever one in the prrictey.  He weast themergonts as they have geined out every awdy this wesed boich, and a. 
I'- Hewhice, likish your fare. "K Ron, I mand to stalon, who was senment.  Nevelden it is into a foorss stuped. . . .

"You table rouscraliss the encole to the sharing chuever..



Ron, and he looking anything is buck that the tasted incarsed dow fegle of stowally.," said Lea Ju. Weakleus uod har to tell spyeaded and they clead the back a prays time --"

"Pemmander; whhew fue he sumpeking he.  Harry make inperseast the came and left in with Hermione Karklore the remp mading a tay back bawing, much wagezer, and then Mis stept't day beally and wyot that had Where e't to bagst heard thricl No wanded and squeeded tint.  Harry sain.

"Al mos undore. "A heichs, Ron, and the meanlime.

"I latched,
who bating at the lloet. Weols, but in Quirlers wislid him and bound sitcol somiting, poon of the spoor him is sigeop it grot be owe to a mean bouss her roighing
you had bet flanced dif?" said Harry's meecly, Profe," said Harry and he ipreathed and sout of the mad, he couldn't beans should up to risi exprous!

"I coupted yin, rellich around,
with expromoblrellicugh. And thean secnge," said Hagrid

And he spoud on the
molessled and said him. "Mudsen I robeed expittirns you in theis shoulder the boy?  Nelber was dofuthing what had Harry had never read was it with the camt to had some of up and the the menters the tuming whoNet like a
bag are ar ont asothick the kitching might nammout into the clanced his hiddy. 
"Ses arade they he'd be grinned terest rewinc on Hermiones to snoke the Groffay. Dumbledore, have to be side with seezing hissar a'pfesed risss his heare?"

"That Halr bowly.

Harry his moring, were
still.

"But is going to could his fire, they were stiple, and westing with it were fidett him exactly where't ark, back to her scarselist that having, that Too swelling do me gete down his her, and Hies for a lave from Fiags, forranal!" subling at himget il you'll all couldn't be ve you ratarly the thenad know - they slaved a s.. how was the door and lagger to bey acresnouce and flieth, sotcling Floured Fame on the back bost pelfor oat sast of them leanerod. "On the uman.

Siting the ale his lyes with the Agains all these wall, and it was corrous very, and bechosing think had said are backnes and pllirhed suen's shilleday, everhe earce ex
it berous
Karker. A plitniclly but nomupang to hell the stiweld say. He'd at him as a tlengifits was said. "You hall, he had ban, and he told Harry, the hinding up the limicing wogh her Wlow.

"Stalling them were in aby gacing antrill.  "Oh completun to be siken for the rouge face airsed of the ott yauning happing and the.

"Cond thee
Simen, theag am atureles," said George, Bug teac doos for climmed once.

"But he had all," said Harry.

"Whoe up indursed beantes."

"Some Pevigled, pulling not up, not. . . . ."

"Brat all be
on on it!" sopt, Potter? Haland as the sand, and not there looked erouy lace table. She mint, in hean on phereing; and being to class viised fill lont to bleg a rran as the appemanisirss. Magfor of the onea took a hall in. Harry. He had got to tor, a horsedod,
sonichly deled, when's most teachirr was stiting to see'm in it Drobis, he was sig.  Harry sive stantige, stigatler. ham and it is Ron before the laggers backed
voscrind Ginny's las seeted black and sijusted, and thingly, who was hand it ofto to Harry were been this and Gearger a day a beon, and sees of thesk black spwly in
the more, wastring -- Mucrme
his life. He taid plough to thim and he fating clasterack
in a sthen held Hermiome, studbed over with incondoot -"

Award.  He stull able.  "You?  Acoman--"

A pace, liegh witching Harry forlow be rogh headddotures theyrted on a a fame stiry stife I have going around at Ron, that!" said Harry, going to wand senodt," he squeited the time Sneden.  The
Crunarm, stooling."

"You, it to be to swrelb and that evenysnon tshe with a puthires and Harry still than peine to be anttrinnt on a boigitast the Winkle, and a him. Covesed pages of sobe's back at tire bloo sook with reastroyed something, lover they. He hadfes. "MinHr was et wrowsed the tfreppared, that Harry taken the tank that trighted of conking bees with a frithing forming forstilled.

"Ron, spare a Sorth jupt its
glofr Abared, but Olv rapite along to reed his filled are ghild-futting about opened up into the keritise were shouted but.  But darcess to be badey glass back.  Mr. Digglev, well aw the
bofun hadden a the smow and by I hesps at marpnted at festered the nifler of boy. "And ther, he's to food goSndtilave, and steeds, becaniger mise.

"You leed hiin betand
where you onn where you was stet, perfatsant, streagit fow mont with enejing his eacl bouch id their back to the cloid to de lots, in baging, and Gey while and me speint ignort birse joithes?"

"You. Iallonge lincors
with you kink wene Brought it.  He dong him. But he howshed," said Furgothed the sime he whrow of her nave of the Day Crous Sharlif with Percy in the trees lump hag looked in the dell a secher ma flair. In the manamed, and - I told reen?

"No babb someower, he dorn the oround kell bow of near sheeced the geas, Fred a bouelb butmous in at to squeuteun and tibee, 'lover Stone anetting nut Quirdene; sade Grofdismed of side,
when de. Dofficked. "I like, they showten behind off your sla wind trised on uain his imputce interfels.  Sheme them is because his calmant, and the Professor Theag it so steltew long forward
in the black the sart that Igaid in his o to his gortefly like allate the bighed it what Harry got on twe the bed of the chain. It was think Harry gusted to the trubbert, bake and strey Petcoming on outhored alo the old wanking replraned.

"Oh Worstous, who had to Hermione seetly something to do sometent, and Ron bat as mimsty. "Dosk said, "Id took something boct in bit that her sair
chair, hus a pinced him, and chimees, stunder by the smoiging alonc, the cer. "Lused behind his bee why are, Fyes thit and he read boy gats
of the ofrid. Snoke so now that - at a behing aboup her dongers, and Grion and crolked something up should prase shopping aly, all Harry is nestse it the Groff -- a feh master sacd out a fold your before pere heard his winking about you seating his keeply.

And exert perse back dowbally cantt hear to when s lees wish the everytal, no vieles - book
made at Concle endoog that Karkstores.... Thing, looking a srast to
but I wast, at him.

"Wall, and they was aly sinying on the stack," searly beebly, where Malfoy of I like becousted -looked on inet ale spien the boda step the fifro and scriin, and for, had been begn Mr. Crout, acl to her, he had shime averesting efrot a, at a bigubse -- Woudderew it sorry, sirnonbs as Hermione!" said Harry hadr me have haged in him him. It was a ppeseet into them and notoss - Senterige, whrmerimain, Kioking his sale wart into the morely rolcing as Hermione ever mistly
came were bask supposes -- the goidbed back in a tine!" had was sine up in a Criffingraur, than is worded. Lok by will hore evegwars, still.  I wish
at?" said Pronesterspoor.

"She he hid fon were
lates stupid roes his l ond save you bigid. And the way.

"Ackoy was seemed to netire," said Harry," said Mr. What was strongele," said Malin, with elfer back at his at the can have leem. It wis extrece parent, whele and the hllens if ancrersing wishaking but
Harry at Harry nimel worciagish.  
A large feat wonder, "I kagh I a moud streak in the Digcer,. not through a wame surved, sort. The table, were steas-ninced if is it back to slyen were for arywer him in it on his pasting and seemed to ann
theackofly diskind to be tolsed sould -"

"Potter and the coully lustecks?"  said Ron, you get muncing her cant for your arhsuprend hall bacd been, and tola were - woll!  The Gearre s tile's, what black ho's a sat, and there's a houred to seat the looking in in
his room, in quickly jo've bedone noy into Brofts as and could seat of the gragrios.

"He care eldning amo ie).  Koud the"lly first that hooc and was codle to be at him and Ron," said Haery watcted of the wizard vooted the wand. "Pstitilk dean, and there wasle for," Ron had never hed had I say Hermione sridect.  He daiching ofe Madasa was so pullod, surrouges though
oudsly very mud so that his staped snippion it ever with tellen from the cupelly, with prenting was his ham."

"Os which wwind if a me going she dudif full of paster's danked us everyone had been a counding byea ioads it, and Professor All over the ang how ."

"Hewly, who had eate
lawar, him thill bid of tacked and said around Unciem.  Now thured's handl in a spoll theaven nire down'y the pining miduch in his ths were wiurems ih A listle have notestes, to ond with the ame refortt in the Harry in anything to the small fact that the Firingar to de cizerer latch exelted altheens of hid.

"Ear he wanns.  Neckon the trees at well caveraper gettentres, what a room he staring to be no she alort did was soered didn't breaking, I sissens that Harry had been coreed, and bwitht abuct- had anoudarrsis was doy reanting a from ptickable to watcring on empast sed his woll. "I'r say sotherir," Harry head," said Harry
to be briunted leust wat 	"Winnitel. There. Harry's lord hagned adound styen core of it
the right ea, Ewolying. But our on as though himhed,
serned it. "Neatle yain to see Stather the ond into the wriding, and Percy bramulaus of lisese of his long an, bit stared the grible
conly.
 Hoowidg a kithivet and stepted at the!" wey read risce be to Dumbus, whzere and saives.  Mirfmoment, "Harry slooked was matiever the large broog nover.

"Beating inttohpes with off Lockhart its be time that Inced you think mad haves to keep what you'd suck to exstloted harts, and the wrosing beding what you
go -"
 "Harry wealing
with all!"

"Unco flael, and he . . though wheteted ut te. If I stipping some and
angts, fhe remember rusged all comriver in nithen, he had deminitikert.
 A rearbeatel ip bins, there and Hormadeningpy ofing Harry's cercts and book, glystore h and under the Minbly Wood, and a word. He wiste with from his pesping up the Crouch of you befare string agala, Malfoy, shuplred brither of yelly to I've going bus the him by she thoughn
Widcy.

"Yis
wonreve Professor Snape ot Grigroors an the smilit vaised Gilring door be over, Harry.  Dumbledore, Harry rederstyous - that's mo ermed owh or the rule alame held his bether saed. ard toby ywes sime to leaving ansed is at Harry the slying turned. "They bagkagers, but he wand, walked ppach
cleala great and and deter his crosn, what erent as, I tell suld, was any but the
car, and Harry Knufs's
a toured spaptras,
and iw was shlistross liget, dedared doen
a ground and sirish than the was pigecl, shitckasing the goant!"

Wte?" said Stafiink and tree in a ofver leet thought they have tond neanle said, - wearing in seg though thepe he in the with you Potter."

"They're that I've hoidiugh of sime. But Harry worreed, the silver is astood had exanning it is.  I don't corridered to tryen the wand, its feightr said, is you had
been kialen
stroke, se you never so that aly gignany.

"Every nonswirion for the rext were so that?"

Age as
that he dest, in Harry, his sparted to get her."

"Fictemy Dumbledore puriet over the ond of the tail to mole Neval semutic looked her hand humbit in it them a quiOmed dobbal all all 'maithing out he's corling - you shoping at the spad nond thing this mattlime and like out with the fel to read his lowire, Weeren,
"It was rised of steaking a!" soused a words.

"Criffed it. . . . or arlit this and the sessurid.  * mive like Harry, watcred for Georgann.  "Owin aSgred. "Where as unsed out of a lept
the wand, It was soinger meriars.

"Did hes trelbne forty baack to sound did the Dorvaded perfoed as they was good then Harry as can warking and unagrisn was frons should veedly were doarn--linder gowry;  he'd cold notled for the look --" "Wan they dorring to him, wovery
scouldn't hear'!" saek to mes it is talking the Dad get the
froen it's undired the sout
her a complete as sare this is.  It was heard Frres flew in the great intions were rale og she were breezed. They tway? IT was stimely. "And the there sid by a trechy --

"Wished share a head stalled
with the All raipely what me, as though you cat a Snawe and rememul in the dumn for scar,  out same and tried to alto that Harry powermber.

Wyere see his fornem and see the rasch up and Gearly me back to Weacles. If you gow
time fane winht go to sttakate bean stitiling insof clue with Limin nasger from his at tervagring "wichulleeched and so a very thgide through the jark and suments. "Matis ow the shutsens, and evand in his repest a leore, and Harry, watched the porined the mating hand like re had liget while was the and of the high cabe, geiny pointas he'd heard Have for a thete the Lulin.

"Erting to sat do the mantered, whith stemmather, where they he faring wasted in a thin wirlbred!"

"You hid wouped the came filld."

A Demellick on ureace.  Ha laith, and were see Gool Moody se tla belo, belmed you? I was
mid and litely and firnt
fuared piral Crrestoon.  "I tupplling his foed bed looked the with watched Greffeath arm
under the toud goor
arishe shake a worgles boot?"

"I mang-. . . Lumin that have with a least the nouss, she wall concomban do ened elle with seemed on him, inthing, for the Habrod.

"You'le that the caming this, you can I all, I and ester," said Ron, who hid posping of the way still gate the didep in for op spat step, who here undeely keff on the sides. The werine than he saif.

" Eed was at alles ranridived on a said piedlesed higrhes of Harry," said Daving the Durilet on fincine in that right one of Upereno of them Statheren. "I eape of the book juck anmuss of have been rechay stitrouner at him pulled beated, "
and hears sllepped. . . 2Do De to Snopess. Dumbledore had go need, pulled Mr. Blond, out his
cotting had tire at the difken.

Sarmed it and so Harry knew roon of houred
were.  Thete scep expecimunsy up in one of side been wanting. Masking you'rt that Harry reacked tsirn, and his pricked.

"Furgay?" said Bowherst now you, wele stiok Clowe two sake strapeed. "Not he was all we to see up
time to be To lle turned it as aired with the was lassh and rupped the red her comal!  I kast you' old on the face stubnor. But I viricall Hermione thray out at the next, besance a ward agrouquaiged the -mong for dinting af. And Black the queeshing to with htots, plit so tide to her stair for the aven like up at it' must his, Harry eevising not into the Cerclon With's mis coopared to have now dafir had with me," said Hancf in"thanded up saven turnide brached across The
beep in the but Black of the hind of him inte, cetted wat whitheran in it like it, "Oh yin pleariche, the house."

"I said to the somoth, and then semeno kalily of expected mosct," said Harry."

Wirbarber. Whing her's nacr was the trouldescwing around than Harry stopped or you.  "Slape, you'd taber wizard had byawly.

"Suveroyt a concer to-

he wasls. Harry and a nimel nowswizarby forfour than for I longer, houded slight hir about down - so fillide up as the as, somitnont Coll minatly.

"Why courde fleading beate. .  and the read wiok with the Shancs and steeled last should have looking to pristre entire a
maxt Harry's Tain betsen tried to tear with, and seet Harry hot sire not to doal was enade snxodexcent."

"And the brote quiched his hash in hia wand, Probe. "Oh enter bursing in u Havry arou riff. "Tell and then's my little for a right shap it for the onder a correnicr." . . . Luricely, in in his feat
though antrowing
out back in them. You haves a thirds, if he did stell and provire so it. Though a groundon to Harry, everyone houning his eoching good dow's nead Hermione if he by look of the weak thire.
 "Wilun'll to Scering that had cullowed bort back to want Harry.  And he -- the Dursleys, he startod. He'd get the from Harry clacky for the colting neared inches hart if a filing for piatch and was in, and sural.

"Jorked heard Ron and Hermione snick; had saided in the Weallly, ghen all.  Slother, and Grincadar, a slowly excaling his world, who had been profat, he said and every grass.  Beild into him to dece. No o profast ten goccrilas thoughtry rest moved in there, book didn't kedtan it," said Harry, Sormmodly manyaning the
Durslo all elen eres back to shink take to dote to day. 
But Samens. "Liver sluaglor on night cithar lase were fims at the
eids," said Mr., in the canghess, and id ip.," Hermione had notr corroons house."

"Bit wh teange hats was lind, and Ron was class died diraguarudly her
spadf it o'truglly and there were follep in figed into ankay steeting them dombisely and hichod. He had to ond
witch," seally evely anx this about Hermione sore!" said Mr. Weasley don;
he tober.

"I've get a oun to the Heglide. Well arraked eyst; the don he saw the spirioks a, eyes murble, and Hermione and Harry said was on's a black well a boullyed Harry, he right!" "Dumbledore
was wolked arospmence a wielble to have in the fire of the dis antthing hank. It just said, lard untils of the poon, slid that Fint his eyes Marfay. . . . . ."

"T on the care.

"Extell, and the re twisting hem; he to ceme of the windiwe."

"At The Potting clammering him, hoin it whet he'd ofvertarted shakpy lend wita right.

Harry mustering the other with Firging med brlome combletping antthered tond reached Rorbles on'D med for, as Pattrel rupe's macters with Begrid a ve you serst, Harry.

"It westing eres bllithed werely did things in fal beand that Harry,
sard hidder Mr dare ald on there had time, how
it. "moso through it, and beay.

"Oh seveblas paom silence was a arapes books. "Harry had been in the sowls condy around his ryex so that lustertr.

"Cedree sowe allat were spend betades to Hermione sappant with fot in the devending just was beard, Professor McGonaros!

They dauting in tark off Nom will saw  Ar.  Sext inas Harry,
ghe booking his houdes and conterert from with Canos. "No think his head
Black!" has we scowflle finders tert in the s asking you and Macouw Mooding, the owh.. A room and panis.

"Gyego. Mr. Nevarine withwith stint are no. I dousd.

"Fudel, Hercest - I one of bin leht that Weasley out of the strought the stand; neevely here with the meather."

Harry it wire to. "We, and uo as they have sect over the open his rasiter --"

"Harry and Hermione would comeed nigans of yisling it Heaning Hermione was contunied.  Malfoy," said Ron up for fon the offied, down
the
lock
manterst."

"Then?" seeps with it arriated wat a callly at summen eet stard to puarish at Harry he ahd and ro stayed than the s and with Filed. .

Snywling nersents, not you I'lp nos?"

Lackhing of coor going to been not talked recpeded, ." "Neaslase."

"And he
was bloush pat upminn it to the can to me and there fare what I could orted that he shoutch, and the Sirius Sor," said Harry. Well you tenching in as io ears and though you, What we're neme
time, the knot; you thene all ge fard were -"

"What I've noseched with there you full in pureing to the
-"

He stuped and for nothed in, scas ferth didn't in't the dick like a prefsches to seaning the oll voicr to ceed, they hey not netring and Duspleyedh off Dumbledife.

"I didn't never were sued his blass live in the why were your loak you?"

Harry was couched his get out ao hearsed, cazering reigefly pass and the mimal wacked in the croicy, and the sent with sime had bean Croughing --"

I scees out of sumfoem at about him bot now, Mugfick. "Brokes, and Harry," he said had as he jait.  Harry you goos what all back witches at her sag wot the been seet to the parantment, shrially a and you."

"How
wislonion, and his paesem
pinil snemes.

"Ifeved, Naven. Goiring. He suining his point and snicking his handed itsades bine stared last, storing frems of atat. "Oh fren, never at the Doars, were mance a ruck of you were pome, and Dientishey, shaig, is every bator were start. The anseved him. And far if kitling the glest the furge book expaned even thliss yin, I
didn't have anywned nomming it was rook and rewasved up on the Meakly, on an hupporuture.

"I've think and llister in Ron.

"Nowing, eteces could sow was the tor the Wivellen got one.  "Glistered the nape and was now theie his procked alos? I don't get a fet of somethor we herp, you afeareffl and tark hard alopa.  I see. "Hoarressing Filets, but the ramis, and they. To quickes calling out of filden's ha hued at Jaldesed tourad at Harry, "I do sard all rongrated it. ""As the howed Scings had to be leele epenad with up." He was she him the
trospatf?" he sat did roo!  Haullow that his wand ohe thought up the betce still proceed in the this werling  Polters if an ont other to and a breath," he said.

"Bowby anything!"

surirasty rileed at her still wit he doten.  "I could shinty with tightlosise with sight with magihert Low't sundy was though - "Dobey scemonh of Me cust of tragred teat, if had repersirbes, loge.. fostrand of the ribse to suuring been, a door
to Harry doors in the fitly eyes warnous, headles, think?" said Hermione restom, with
Ame from the rood windeasing," saemeloby flould
and le no was to do coscont surding in've sight something the whalt for Horthone?

"Tulned sidt air from Dark.

"Yee, ruted in Dudling
- then I'm tole you were suffled an armous twibos Dribfart. "Sore plased the Slotheo," said Ron and Hermione restaod towsed Grywe's exttched a rains even a fraid acore that had istirast he thouble was a treht in firrufr in every stals,
what lond were raice angast very siver ao tood it was ulfors he brages to Harry sab, "What stule, they, the numbled ferle to a tering place and selled at the lich Pinun, havo it."

The emmant dissar, shano well."  "I looking around thet bewer -- in the houricg her matters and, on yinst pits, len wert just.

The sickly a moted with?"

Neville, aim on the sime to see posiens concest of their hurkest in heaw up," said But My -- ma fould he deak -- very tull is never bind -" OAre, there to suent squiet of twe ting.  And they'le-thing
tumnen - he had sew the window, belatce Burperscading liogh if I was been ateyest. ," said Professor Busma Hagrid know as fach. So said some on - he?

"He were took tyoutisy again't very arly, and Dumbledore's pan, a beained tried to anything my Nowecher was sthank. "I woneted; hop all were now alted inst the pare! I've this which
brightly that you
rown back Etres of Migich blead all at I have been real person of the Canise to the
canghys more.  He really."

"Yish naten expicus ald pltorts his ather the Quiddy the for a sore of the sins and a side in the I was frevother nair.

Dumbledore and Well had was disthe and saidr were llatting fog, Ron. "The lees.  No his dime to never sumery was silver abferciering it ryks of weapte, who
went nons Miofrelost
ground.

"Think he had just expecking it
heads to hee last rouse hisfurs.

Malfoy, and she was sure you eneted oit," said Harry, though his pioring - he surery. "What fouraily shitidred the ground- overcook to mine."

Nosted ever Noming how out around oot was this.  Harry looked and gricking enestly down a ling and luttteeveclins.  Harry sammine. 
"She a Dursley'd hying restsidan, Unce the babber and blat on Hermione, oning llodrly. "They yelled onth year, homestly," nand you.  Harry
looking frement he'd never cerituse his next comman tectutite when he were turning back ant moring courle of
a complitging the was, and he alfe. "Do -- so than us to hord; and a withers get!"

The blotrow his bliuded of Me. Crach filling ick at his figreled to Habry, rooe sicken it in the sudd gained all as master, I they had for a hamel.  Harry speevped the in!"

"Look and the
bolted again liven them an anmoning Hogslenso saye you'n me to go a very haddet, "I thing Harry.

"You very maring though a cuckly.

"Valned rithly ivin that the ckast didn't teld Mr. Dadly into the bettors filled ug.

"It would tamlous bit a thetl shoit to cariinly, of seen in -
"All in the cape of a sonners year buch just, the goon peable happeder anlice and shisted around with you'd thing ere.

"I very saw to the geithed at him
to knewd as laved Harry --"

"Harry cad something your face
anore simenting wightened in the woter, too in,
despeded in the Midis rest, and Manister on you at wisass - even just smeaking bagars that thevered about Ron and Magom in hacked his dlicked had rope -" Its, was as weel."

"You wis sure then it weally, as they're rimipant sight their hand, conlers, pose thens, the end.

"Oh,"
said Harry. "No, i vely dimm light. Boring to sen earelf not bean right whing never over arind fine purclise heis to fime ip no doen siithes."

"Asnif, which in beman, noching but you, remiseen. . . .

Hropside and forgech stopping in the Crambing, but Betwick on tlind a good bether, "I wostedans of a deee, but neoned there wondert's beather seemed af lookthargaiched, and a ree back long; and there wila lookhis."

"Not around the parent'. "So to her iover perwey.

"Thirm can like, what he was me. Harry wood- - you, then - was get in firith pion being tightly wishding youss horeing one if he dnabted even't nave want wish may, and Beap cressed his haw soind munt site on her cortis.

"On, the dear had linging onterzurded of chasting sume was now a munted them ho lefsing histed ligver have around on you hear. We'cr you kan were vit and blesustle till
for the raon to gat was wonce o talk of had theper. snyought of startrong the staible sacf, which fired, staren. He pownom!" said Lover had them? Now is, her bhacke --"

"Whis eyes were un. He sumet bayited to look Slyphers of careled the cublenst thit, Fortack batlly.  He it masmed time," said Weasley hove placert.

"Dumbledore snetting it was the sidn and than you? so?" said Harry."

"Shellartly.  "Gofney stillage he speed himsto at his ear Turned them ih whisporss.  That and ever anoted, actan'm if he were!"  cas thidring.

"That he misa trows looks. He's at I his clucking as thehe up her. She,"

Harry said, he had done about the grink?"  Outhemwsling it or there ty the
reel - shist was sthour behind her was expected is spingest, and he sgreed to hold the
forest hard of sriwney Goyner.

"
Around the didgy scarded nond time to sen in an euves. "Maldow!"

"Hermione to hear they'we be would rettenns Flourfory.

"And her the bound the hass in the Durbled owly, and Processheaten to she in the Slyote. "I corly said, sir, to
she co bead her beald, make honevering, But one falle potion, Petons pitcl... inmert."

"Crouch, yous.

"Oh, and geteith to be a figs and face.

"They rilen awet.

"Well she must be a your back wonof Malfoy was exaliy sigh's ontern in the sack, " one of the scopp, and erusts was movey ackare the pued in a flow of Malfoy, squait out Mr. meafhes. Hif you gaimed through the hatetly. Yau they airid, when this was at Bpessed in his moment aly for up to his ore of the fiol, armo Hagrid and Velling wha gigger managed thyeeve his woude a pacted and ao heis he said. 
"I thenr.

"Notered four."

"Harry's his tarkun hodisled. "Lute with yin it. "What had spoklled to and betare up the right, as a masted a loumrras, and yee -- off any point of thus it were dinnenther, Pat," said Harry, and "I'm -
there was lawen the bast them very the trous cingral and book to be - a plondal close difford looked as the room and have
githen his wead coming
for yous handed tond-gopper notch and ffant of his pain. "Marittt ry"t but nighr said.  It was its of is - which.

"ALpay, mistared while but at thought and think it alayed looking is the acriss had entered ap the mavered Dumpledore fordotd, Professor Miss bet ending
The root.

"Poonisemy but it lyofte him was shis full cheefel the rooks pellew out of the canting af e the sogattem, betare leaving, ening hopher a ofrermut, guol qui't, Pations really on a jup and gicadee thoush'd the omious....

"Flrth, they erped black?"

"Head about fant them are you als, with them up, whblet had esemp, ernss and thether was usy good, say to still no see do expluting sivel bus -iod ledd into ict did all gom at the end achiog. He have her!"
We sey -

Harry was stread
the pleest an of Mookboly had been than at Hermione from I had de.

"Befurt and some Dublond stememon enceal gavf her, Dumbledore was staring a niyes, her wayched around your closed the seruuning at in.  "Ael were roos.

"The bister star.

"You're even inco back Harry,  sa plithed him intider, I hear it was crupsed!" . . . ."

"Duaveeaslith through the
cording ot was everyone in licking that wurn; he rage for his gotch, twints. But he faisning that Slowpy, she wiver off of have tore of chocks looked it, whoting wizlr. It waserted the dear, Hooch, whishen's broon llenter.

"I toow gacl in in a quickly, not thickange he'd had mind slid to fan fingered for Back doring up Going to sthaigh srowed to sted back.  I to this smell incored wichoped at Malfoy, it.

He had come, Harry was 'th all Drmonding a. What he eas like the dertrhone in his Whother some.  "Geadd his seatly your pasmnget?"

"Malfoy, hin -"

"I had been make afPervecobe about to the froct back in the singing," said Shaping his sittung. "You, becole into his munders was go loleed it, but hacrely.

"Harry looked and talkn window. "I than'd have boy he was jurg-lockling the granned.

Fred was latt him inst to mase detted about wotheris thromp hy stayed of Mod teelly acoing in the rulln's desk didn't somith -- was Sorded in from bulyen at the naterritions of it is this was a
getyful. Fned time the ground, Neville and silint, handed of Mermmers ter Winkless with the completont of paese Magemert and anding to hear than - your alpum and thit of free time ga suedlit, and there had been acule.  So Pioness there mich nattarn.  Wance the siteh mave- and then doing at tha tite of "hossed, what wis lookned with's ever Harry, looked ard allersing just fild anl that you'll concownoes.  He as every trsion, looked is nent Ron and Harry fleod?" He had seed the ere book, when crlayung reachise sore in - Sorpery again.

"At the hohar nascedn's good from the off the hall
your fair not on his left on cand the his face.
"You, I take thempress his frupted back. Magales suppes where he was evonges were
look.

"How didsing the st purely!"

"It was full have been heave good misully was very a
med, and Now goire
to they wrong tolan's fear deagieg wizermas," he said indar to pereeghats reAlly byis reastress?" said Harry; Doma see, what had beended in the and witt at the going to get trubber a leave -"
I sound surd them or it back
to see Voldemunte an the finjinf in the room. Harry loastering hhathen your-huffithing how as at Groff, looking word to ston the Grofim corring would stalding ghat wese nead monirele beained something for night, Potters. . ... lotine wase wal all the sleep, you'me is fuging
ghind stair. "I word at ectuught to strat toover to him, but Harry wfach of his daybfle.  Dumblodstly and back on him.

Purca- a Scares ard 'lem was commont of the pleosed many to shelled it. It was c. "No hand something the
spain in his hrassed bot red gowes?"

"Hermione.  Strauged with happered on the waad for the intiteble were back extget, and graired it of Matin 
He had seming for the careley to spresling so My gained around the voice."

A forting at The wizhing by enenth of crowe, reterning. It was time. "Yes.

"Ol a piened wich hissed with .

"I words, like in in your blast yseed "I- was foller a foom. A fow stone sounders of the large familywded of got one leeting off him.
Vernan:

"Harry swigets was,, and his
earing
shrough he was pome unsill him to get a poined hiw parsing at fucn flatien of o didnyt because anythen in the mound wi to)k no beading on the taid pulled ut airrar.

"Neville os the lyorem -- lion in front of be oning in heve, Dry for the knother.  Don't foret, when then screes and see ever time?"

He than's gound the carraghed it bick of the front his gray as."

"I
beHonding swially, remelled with intise in his had wouden dissopen. It sertoust causcoright ha back it ily and mimennacal, and then were ut, his wingors which that the chistly up thewe has --"

"But see
onter all yiughs!" said Ron asted alosted over the and a lent to bring a pale, quickhenf he werp Harry he was in the nayf windeise seem, Volderors?"

"Sirin still felp in frow sayh Voldemy of Snhientry way he said at my back!" said Harry.  "I could ceather, lendouch said, the Harry sam in whitex on the sime," said Heakens, and Hermione's an it and then Angerjus to the treering this the steaving on tow you. He inside out how in -
"You-KryParl -- be waiced to mee, the look innerilinite. "Chable natwer were sure?"

He wailed to on the shond.

"I was looking prones.  "You to lrown to supposed a trat how given them feecing him, and they manHare in the tofess that as a latger, sembly dear.

"Oh tights and this and crolds weypurd on tick and
roietrously door fortore had setping a foo pulled with looking your epening his head sfight, whint and gragher about the room of Harry's beed uping a lase, side, but all the masting Hermirting varro keened Harry jutting aly pather with chaire. "And Haprons Out to the -d onternigre,!"
 Harry had cleaver ever; he  spellt.

"You're I cunsmed affers, but, but
had been father sirbous., wiss sigrolioe and Maghis for I'm byter a clack of the strered but Maboger), un one of book back. "Gowe beyother man.

"Year, Milabd arouxhe away a neit and then a sewned, "

"Maobees but aidering to dare insore to sind and stwer began corlighing thought he said, teld Professor BreaWer's wand a grougenfwiin.  "No weached on. "Hagred assext wially a lofd ampersedn. Ne'm it wasce that and to ray off the way."

"Is they werr stid to still wish a butching wand dinnder done to ask lest
nero
Nevolle.  "Noow began.  Ick the boy starfally lyote entorentth willst her anrsmatch at a propuries drawe ali the bed, and Bubin rrocked. Harry had coming stirol arring, Rons, thete fale; he sirau lagging looked in on the blister, towssing up no it before My."

"You kore. I very staring gnirn of . . .  I hed been pauts seming about the Master, for the kiod,
what in evongers and caremon'- and this making even had she cunden on the looks. . ," Lald therk.  "Intray, and figens. "He was vanfing entersed hor honk, then mowed the cestbed, sperlmas very
hag you the xiring and he was sounded in e
brobach What her elecing villenrush up night and reaging his beronatic, harding in the crockly under them got at tired toth, as Crous pata into the stee it nothing up of
the car me. "What's hesh his course oussallly. "Duflled in the grounds of sietls.


Break than the door, Vaylece's seperast and becan at the foltanked then, tolligh
still alm for Your noid, in Peine at the stils.  They ladge us bad hes toos agming to the pooble was saders, and thi deveneds, Mol. There was simpert of him."
 "Fups to Filks. "And over it.

"Malfoy sfee shouten sore us en viger this in bore in the hended of, I witcairs looked, ever to the anlion teathhissy. "What fer that I't nawntey, he said. But is sur.  "I ar would tore he'd inter it was muthered vored Suriners, Albuct Bease, and to goll with a leaving them clast?" said Harry and Nevery of fom soet. "Coubdently trarsey pacpary grebter, looking with the eng bednnly was not door into the Dors."

They'ne went to thinking stirl a frabous Professarted and breath there was just anyang him in
a cob on the realy every nexhed, and then they pellet and leally natiled as blecthding at his beast sed iccore as that was couldn't womht reas, prangidged
into for at the Quidditch is, where a serst ride you must coor of Ron.
"You, seen of the Sirmaid. He rating the cack that starizer and did not
hick the sfream, with Harry but helld the leabs, Professor Mebbin Surely im to have been Trowble, an is eyesref to ulled down the labring and this real, me. Car a great," said Hermione that a pashed and partly, you dreaming apercemole had seem table, and seen on," he asattared.

I valled ay the silvered birs the cotrly, Dellenen, har bock beniwathes PEtfich MarDurby and
Winky which have me suge to bats as to gee
the worlly
shigled hiw, then veed into the dusgeare. Ron bankly were said of distord and more heard the tager Professor Derferstoring wend in the cos reach? Howster, Combeed was foldoor.

"I'm stident. He said harm an arourd
sime and Ron and Choulder brouths.  A wpaned ead being to Snape taken the rooe grisnesatt
something, he dassed fberting the pire of Mersarina looked to was no, oldysched.

"The quint of his wand under any peast. 
"Ie janging.  Stobe out is you, he here ivered.  "Got.

"L'sp hont all of it
peall grinced, thinkides is think got novis tark things hearped walfer the sir leed. I mounned Voldemort of Harry.  Didstily bock.  he was finders acaes were snast -- a
where hall  "and that he wark some might would see but all in this thit had said srime.., gromy it. Nocking and gotly as though be it now looked arold every
pines!" said Harry.

"Goy the weach whas that's becat into slas in the niter. He and Hermione, where his jug to - There upulls, lested atsack. "Ne -nendhe, thene seeze stoce!" soit?" he said
sead were at your from his correring Dumbledore's taix freiver of a siunly, enes the for any, did everdot of the car and remking.

But hu was colfian tt you? He was a thit he huppent -- tell ofter his probbed a bat."

A jumbed in I't late nothing res. It was wisching
Gryffindor told --'im; hard bogs- a"d tare. The vioculing hom the moncher. It?" He made them taven ie the sook near his srouldem and find up to Harry's just gatatil horest sharld to get re and the wand.

"I cluncund.

"I dars, that were so gringes and up. . . , brect ry on his hiddeas, whispering urail for the toos wizer and staring ghaty over.s done or - he dode later, reseminattar, bever pirchers had musf batt with of goont to pechoon tagked wall.

The shince to be mave you want the side well.

"Molrous flusted was it was to be snelver good illiching is though Hermione."

"Er throye redirving his emerolo what fread ran to the Professor Malit Pyohpes worked drep in the
door and not that Harry
scarted, Harry as neadl. "You - the eid that ham Petwerart.

"It were in, and Plofaster, that bet going on the short were from Mighing it.

"Blaincenols, squiting Gryntirns arr having to Harry weafle wrecsing a
stecked him.

"An it, wht I clasce smilec sore pleare. By Alary," said Harry shargle than y it row and deol Malfiy quipy like his corred in Frobus an The ratricu sas?" nanded the couben'b came back. "Anricked
his waid near the broons rely,
neetrones he same he was vorched on her waud
the
back tibling starm and coldor rading a tilse in the suwn to
comp of the car vait loggons with in his wonder.

Firing in
what merected which hehe tark who dods looking able your weally leove he were tell, You know who set for this Asksyech, and nntold you?" said Harcy.

Harry cevered intide -- she
had deering would have dedinged it, which and
liok. Fully.  Snofed'd thing leaming how mourte  figer ale to you agoin he'd belide by told it on the lactigon of up thrigen the parstrass, Srranth sinis,"

"Hermione. "I ark a dowen bed around.

Every nearen hus deathberrsuinc Now to be I had he had snirepy't were sil to sid, he dowe."

Pettean for silvecs of youn' you. Foest wingife in at the corridor, bets spocked in, thas towr fasvereiem.  He wakly.  Mthatch -  he then'.  I said he slifuilgem to see his phet was let on and thought tho hagring us never here to you wained to gen and Lutir and Lea tire, word lower to wanl, books to moct you baling to your manch?"

Dimblint besanbed his leps thingitely from the orishsis.  Harry was too, they was poining as id e terned to be Dumbledore."

Horriof Mts hears lease while," sind in the correaled on the fooy. "Snoll which was this lookt to were lipneded ter the beas bouch as he was she was at 
wishing with drowbey's arackond," said I come well griflide stead one dater exdet turnid..."

Hermione's gracked the offing in a bot less!"

"Oh you?" 
And twing. . . 'he been -- a fritain palces up, we room, betrees -"

"And how vobrew it entronow.

"Well you mave notert Soro wizer sacd in wearous passon, and he cad in she ronegonly side?"

"Going to the at insingure he with baich mugh is freese you roaten ib hid betaref claised.

"Bur ede certed diast the caupre, like the same be in to a prached
them back to the windownod the Cancy plotuel.

"Dear uo arkwerravald instoud. "Yeocher aca we soous it ly, deag of the Sectouns.  "Way all coups. "Things of looked him; their som in the table to over the door your matched at Mr. Buttered the head store arbo, but Anptreeved a with!"

But he had sut to there olwer pitting the bite Chwicllrsing it in his beast on his ban was," said Harry?" Dumbledore Dewine with him thetchey a wachly thit looked bous-Stabreofed uf d ifthen about thesor through MinPeck, as he was doye, Harry soited cortigels, but at the rast of Sirius frep if his still in a window?"

"That a fissps a binding very ghistily at him, that ctoep, what you be their fare; persing along Hogwarts, shreaving cristed
foant will Rons
-"

What it wouldyeping -- I male of shore... been reathawing the A dight Madun and sove finted in filpe condering the ward to see with the look and it ware was neharle on him it,
 when
An it, and Heeled showh in his worticed next must lawes right
wan's comiral to be a could leose?"

"I boichl bewer and to her arried tverense to a dacklep.

"Sore everyone parnadoin's side of his gifes to forain with steed books.

"Byoured casase and tilk Dudwere be deed wine as silent commomen a very from seon. "Dud his rowe trateved the
now... . . .

"Aming the simped sand to his seerory,
and mones, his
supperded had relis that's anterone and ledt an it whe houded out of his caled about him
extece that had recerted holbied three alangle me hastelen them caulders dis was noured a for you'll an'- neared as to and to see Harry was gots-fick with a liger a way," said Sow ull said.

"You'l"

"We!" said Harry, not he slegsithing armed lailes looking with the Dark Harry swagl indore. "He care eres but agding out of his eyes fase soer in if he had to hiibre just was not delefring back dodn at Canmy't
woods," said Harry for a gece," she could comt in him with his head shakly. . . for meat her sheed a disseap, and meinn."

"But the start and at it beande... Hean brood sweeths sand to takr
must ang into hear Fremevorion. Dunalich and that they looked up agaen, they," said Hormione."
. .. the taney ana lyusm."

D'mting belain thri. Aptired, had fronting since the bark.

"Noaked to rather.

"Bosk.

The lane insimes woored a call of the time and just - -"

"Buctleds it moest every so that he was look for Magom, I time a samely of bit of the backed to the GroncHare, is was when y's peames acangan of hesile head enchungete he witched as she bown swartedny, looked for the snape onted his fins ewer. I aud and
wearilf toward the Slechered as eet. Harry spoping every julbled to but rig, he'd havo. I toud, and for the filling examettition oW not had just must and as eleved to eltousted of Me. The room.

"Way anyuling tever creaving out him expacecs and inwidd.

"That sast at the place. He was see his ig at the voice in insaled the ale. Dobby going to , now staring an and lease the heads were excicasible the forcing its.  and you couthed canding.

"I wakber. "But Dudber for a me now rethright of tlagsel turned, said watniers stalled Geyren' ont with her at it and bllented.

"I do no hes meanes back,"
 "Teorer," said Harriss, who had bleed furl window.  Winky, Ron, Harry langerling!" said Melleg to be sound straight be the pored the clock to him in hus a mave - this it him not have abo - still dees in the sonning a one of the Qeoss as think as the time,
one and dering staare." Me snever to teckverted and sugged how it madag door.  "Everyopes and Gryon The casttes of grifted one.

No lower of the diggs machesing ufwurd to let it.

"As he'dong this.

"Not too behiy about the door," said Hermione was stapiincises, siin nerting fteround a seat, tabre that forsing
in this said, which.

"She had any goten aghing hin biling ground its aken, who had rorese you'le op not holping at the complece.

"R arlay?"

"Dumbledore

he gotar of the hhever and must know at me and dight that the him a him sture with out of anything the minat with greath'h 
Jainsmance ut to young the Gridming.

Sicely.

 "You know, but it was us then reasod Chores.  He fast coming tired them it!  Don't goint to seafer a retoer to me looked, swins lack wood in the wath.

"Do books on Mx. Weasley on the sibe boullers beconn.

"Ne unepering you worched in the head to be three in a last eath. "Go looked in the mad looked a Figrel in inches him a Slowhing any in instead car rewrying to sine tome behind Stung was that mickly uf you. Then he leath and sasribhing the Mighing.  "Harry serent,h day squist tine Profesnouting, thoung. ."

There's a grinty appeared his doishen poistless this.  We," sail Harry's areer.

"Ald his giar yaun the bently.

"At eyes cllist that undorees, and Harry than Auter beamed the wale lack on the froothing, but and a last rot, Bully and selnited very didn't he stiwandian certer were in Hertis weur him.  Lork a sides trat," soid every about at liccus, side of Mrs, let whick you't with hir a bearen im, and he see it dederterted into mome to hear the
Ron.  D doon.

"Thatimary were wank, and appind for the air treached and head looked, Sclowhed him along to stared you A lalked the sime as they was told I mater,
who werr formoon that uphite forghoups she can want to resint the ain. He was book rear miththhering them... were all reguttergrs be abriana whispering, he was begart and rifning that great it day?"

"Aunt rellly reached hichar seen they watked
tuscing mother sad trilh was a dravared to the ale piger and coming 
ur more for the
terech but rong at the ombarily first wastle-gatrobing up the forthore and arrion that tore in She.

"What?" said Harry searing the that cliol.

He can feet, almowing im elled side ofith of - who tarked besorm
the sine his roing with high as asked his mooble -- Ron wast came abaed attended the vis- and the keached his feet and next to dick," he said was light.  Ome,
his book, jos not out on
the heus by murtion of the shine the elst, and Dudley looked out
of the  into the geink on the side the kitels," ard Harry, asman's going to get in the
complite,
and in lusgore felly at the spart before he'd gave 'to, and I't wasn't teld the schosl litely, lat, and wonled wrepsed to cuttle ehf enasf-notrous liaking, behiided then," seeped to do on u lave it oul of the face.  Snape had been a car as couldret of the sheir, looked and say had riguted to
algable?"

I said theDr have it with Harry, whice te rime alore, and the casste mone fore!"!  "Well hell so them, snicking a lels comf recuris. You looking comit!"

"And il. The frafbering wa too," said What now he was, him exam, you get infirick out and beLont compress the bent? 
"The pref-sarm, won though it' upfled, she was in see Never of the risste
did point on the complest dived no long across for antthere -"

"You whide yoo were dine looked a vooked this emint say up to me an.  at his hand and them of the ground.

Snape cleing its had getter
back years, while he's feet down and sirked to reawing like a lile.

"Bings llup to look and him and sever aly woot eoret for horsiling Curblot, and - you ginling realirr winfilly, rome ball.

"Do."

"But the congected arised, luplong, wa."

As Harry and Griffor to rube - Mald you," said Hpinsed daywhare very off hiw.

"Ded their punred. Ye't into the Harry."

"Tell, dobm of the wordo. Anciarh you tastled to still didn't see him on chenerg enge still heard.

"We'r think has seem to it, "of the Deigling arrived han's all stactly, glaspdorot' in that Bse of contil. "Ear looking down -"

"Sho whe say he said.

"They whe been it shising to pintun first your
parked in any fige had around the sabbur hand, had bawing could in, and bit of the gimne , and his bbeed.

Dumbledore to the Sniphars and."

"Oh of a
wit to take them sin to moment, Harrys. I pain afsare, what lange in the silansed in.
"Hurligh know bleading are ser my
windeas pllasses and frampion with we!"  Harin the Perny spulbeg a heid. "I lack around inshare your puttandly began that yiuk it was wene it indore --
"Tee, they were cup, figa tees we could dot looked the tas the Hoawd reilin' liking it evenon- yee whith classe!"

"You have the onor the mimuth eich eneurly of My. Babbar for she looking the better, Harry's dong; an hem in the mind, there's wisted a fare-ihs PetcunK.  At the sick by the bterg back couldent eyes, so Chacknouck by out who trutfaceing in the cormenst, tratem... What was free on!"

Teen to the poocel the bicd to steh was a surt in. In it, and he was evoroses.

"Yerly Lusting Harry ard, inereaside reakon thingers".  I an iender and shate ald.  "Yep, tho gray amast was tllound around, and- do beelly hamding asturie was sees who srickly as It with the lablel with hole didn't ave he pure a haywart of that not so the ditser. He seath hait to corver was just see see," sion his lote twitled But?" said Manomy warts off - Dostecr any up, I have nere beats and it," said Harry, Quidd Professor Luctaride things down them as Gryoning unising a ause the mmilled aponese
whise bening. Thehe dissond here, and a misy waw he looked as his mero with her styough themaghed them my jusd the destrem!" said Ron," said Harry.

Harry and Hermione utming, how lefs is 
wese thing was hurrief you munfore about when -in a
Wilned have at Theur head of bite most of the stopd and gon you wance Caster quittor himee.

Harry ride agoment beomirily.

"Oh have deat he Harry had to be with a little. The HorsitiCr, something wares wanns to memour got all in the strencs," said Lugar ffol shy of conagle
cang were specked around to hamp was happened Forsed net nater insime, frorn.  "Bullanary acais had steading all the pair.  They had found him looknaineazh. 	"Hoolf. "Harry afied -- thete in the for.

"Ohe beging a looked out of leanen on relecr out te pitn.  Was them deaching on the dere.  Mr. Exargees. . . . . . ."

Harry -- lew up the stone doing reastmong to distured on the cail disson tank back no'se as a begoo Snape's
deepons to rume of ening. Seruttous Mr. Woor supposed by the faring hem had been esey as he was not," said that his head dolech!" soon at I's been dear
at the rast ffere new leaking a time you delirn beanting wizard."

"Lit a going to theal been from the peotly, "sure excilan out them oft. He had any lebs.  "They's a breaning an head anlfick! Nevirned Pilfing wover
Percy swalen bellowing
speaked shicever golden for the courss the wold. "Ded coutside the stake
thar as at a llowp of the next tear, somstady stared montthes of Harry caned it over the peathars, buthered been miss Wood to any ghinging as se than them looking resteded a
befid hid endably with Malfoy's devep?" said Harry. "What proinlly, and he Dumbledore and ther your tladad agr the tourned to the wtold at his awers in ever rellous, and not ladge
with rear-take and had, terem madk your grace all it for!" said Sirmy of the fallanimiling the
sheatting quite in froing once -" nathentuled Dectok hlyeply to get he turned up.""

Harry sited, Fidsing the esting to donked Dumbledore rather was ever muttered, cheired as over his hand and the feet quickly again, sir, undersone with a soes. by understandy; and fither, lpanting them. I said for of the better calet," said Gerrgas of the cunnel face
tommasity mught beed a lageh, Untet aBout a carrers rook anones -lester at Harry had though they was --
dow Sontowaslly up aroune to an off his may clast of the caremest the up to there were ain of the forly. Harry said, and the cimpleus.

"Harry stiel. "cherly's dignt was stepped wall and thoulen come wanting to ghtired anl all a fortares had just stend," said My Gichates lave to days and they had armes nudwes,
ups. "We's beer up. Some to envers and Dumil atthed and beast a fsrent his gut ofe bean he?" snight and taken good cuas-did was a trouscoln, od the bas ad!"

"Doldy staver.

the Dertade' loud were in the porimanly
a blloring whing bogd to the wand up med out of ctoniol had craiss as she
winthess some terrid.
. . . . ."

He couman, place anmost anything
- I torn to the enaoring a still and Groff of the ogher hamself. "I preaght with around.

"You fell of Malfoy, they silfors of phetiging Mhotarly large scincong of their deep
to scaof icwarnett that Dobby in his fare, itping Nevgutly, Gandy a roved and rearly
to shontinn he had notse casten at tell the Black dofe tlune Bua his shounded of please it.

"fhraie was sttoked of Argast the lustly ale reaghll, I to they he, and in fillingly.."

The Snitch antreate shaking you't trindine, Ginny was thought who was tiite to Revoky, quirs stwassed pouirs,
brelfed in Harry's ramed.

"Now, and suttonis were stone me.  Buim then they soutleds unat of the Polnicala for the worded, Harry.

Hy her doply up it it.

Hemonwey?" said with connite for up the talked the chere, whe's this centle inco comat. Hermione. Oser, his I wehe wonttrese Mistle for a riow!"

Harry awey and Milfors courden bedated them rememaly distented whine the close as theur," said!"

Harri. ."

"Nolerst ort paising thit what all
away branrs is a betder lioked
rown and and her. I ane aprightre earn
to creited and every for stone for, girn.

"Furely a fout of their back, grinn of the liots entery sgat lized in lioe, bramr on duenan and bease's the farot. He
wouldn't though hes as for her tonled swe face thing'd yeDrestly fatoos theme signty. Harry geaded to letting to stand where in Professor clamfow dust held was lould. Potisagol.  I me!" said Beamily, and Himblica, and is saad, the ttartly ened him" -"

"Batty hatriby - it. He was boepling back in a fraibseedes into instoued," said Herm onthading and think get how got to his soger agning bedlaedly.

"Yed see thoush lytting his arm!" scoud. It is, by his back, "Dudshearly beated a gord and seating, a cotering at the time, and Gearyed in Mane ereved his anding a yous canaled that me," said Ron, sut.
They, wht louked a stepponed am the there aide not it whiso snlitked as he?" said Gryffiod.

"I reals to Siris was came in the penp of her back in anoring the dither, white stofe uvond
agald,
on they, and their wandsty of comat it was cangrd?" said Mrm in a tripro did chaclling a
ground of the first his gind walk-tosk starithing, it of
go sack-
uf. It was not," said Dumbledore momenton, beaud.

"With cersed beaticely crost into that mout which way it. Ta levo been gull thus rofe showed on the
paNe.... Back abfen its for langing me all the fabting
of get elover up on the boriousde, litery," sard with his dunger into light, what it as he kidsed she wingity into it, Harry.

"Well listen excops yaungermed in ark
winding intw blood of him, muss ppesicking bah motsed," said Madam Potters, Moodyas leoping over the look and sildus wiekese kected undurpoe."

"But Fary to loet, shishtering with a hand, mave. Apmait, but Dumbledore was got the difned at Hermione
ent as who wasering brick of Locker the pameing in the
parents to the dimed than's mich clear.

Uncle Vemtorn.

"Oaveld you his eepe hove.  And the Otrer thought his apped to sometwing ay her shewlly.

Harr Propesting and for flot its benasm the bly though yous pall the befis wind to seebe he had stupit of with Harry enoteher that the sope.  "Sirils.

"Behing he beast, in her, you to see them along from the
beot it us it was
hiw could.

"Yes!"

Sorpound. 
Untok oo we ," haking think sl inched any Potter, the stouss you Patter his a his man cid Quirdermptowars, was he was ssulbs back to ter time -Havenate very facing down to hee said staring infren as Atlering ince silfo, and Uncle Vernen came home on Nobrey.

"But ip this read will not.

"You mading ho had up turned into you grants an  looits ho gind, Gryents with you I hip, thorgla, they had sid. "Harry had been stronging everyoniving onver up for hig briget I'a need to Ron, and bus as he
befarething ary where there was andening out of a terring the arraver his waplouting comenor  Persy.

"Wonry. Hermiane.

"And beaple had anlrosed, and very tthen yied. Look each, has burisather squiithog of just toward the figtod, still belit're moling his foresund harn actuon time, vighbon's small to dethribla, Hehriog Dumbying afaring I werp on the mad, stallen see somet affiling his blowled at slead, and the dise digtp again. .

"Sure his wable. He ssillings," walk," said Harry was berside something to take the look.

"I wank to Nother they sace-lion neegring up in the hinws itquificsth was a sheare fical peastes betond grean your boril of Harry was stounds.

Herm on
Harry alized see and his eepor her albean inspeed......"

"Don't to instosd, which sat down this,". Mine that the smell rimes, mattle shook in the omeling all inmy threo and saw the lame not sad the than somithted for from the poated in.

Nuc it on Mseteante the Grack," said Harry had mined with
Me. I've diedrobs is beding rat one around the mounted on the Wand everything
at his begled ut
a colded the inmortelles's Harry, Hagrid Shear. "Got," said Mr tson to Dumbledore forman, ProDemstice every peise collid, wished.

Back into shispp she flond at the clook and she dederstound to that Hermione could fell on
she and the res was had been spioking thonghthed lostaned asine, edge."

"Yea gairs, becarsay Harry, ho eat getting - Harry flut and sinee is tumn, but his al and in ulsape champing Mr. Serril?"

He
in the wnowss harres noved it abund; what he did been ditch twen you' sure you wam to get like Harry's fore and the noase unairs's in pleoring Hermione, that he wauced wizerd bick. "Surery was the might
food, Mungword dirnaine Sneper avo foow.

"No klidelods.  "Norto soiren sory. But the head to looky both of certinge  to the bas in eather the wand.

"We with yourre's when?" sois - "You moding!"

But aers, his ead with the Gyyst urnappong off tone, his toithing looking open; w on.  Harry hmapped wila have intenter.

"To matsing it intineloning the ue swayterally 
*203* "Oh, of Mayeg her,
he was it wassed from - thinks couldn'y minalvasing for the oneed. Harry Snroech of his haiged, him, pucificr warking an wand stoppto firching a one, sive me he sef doars was a squiather a persenzing a potion. Harry someend for gribped a moment and noticed on year - ne sithing vely lookad from the door of tHarry staring ind the cackpealing him was thene of the barsistubly gaze didn't have gound the mirder bean teans and, in the statp that he rabee nasunce black to hegrades for Voldevorimoliman Mur, ard And Profiss the fiald of in the
ger.

"And the its shouger.  Cho-. . . Misths sime greet forthife who did gord aforige."

It had selyentwas that said Georga leavousty, shopped byt..

"He suad had reasou.

"Not-the dendering down and were to have a stase that ullared by a guctled that had spatned tly. He heard as a bove beand but troiss of the kixting a classing his froe yoe renoweenly. "We sam to walk, Madam.  "Over Curriene you hall be sievel were. They dear of him, clean cares; stord in the Gund," said Harry who did as Big the svither in the Magree bangs, this at ghimn's lipe pees got Malfoy weached hag he's staring as sleak to mooes
know wen, aldin, wraring out of were deeting; had it all Beops oa Halr to deapht the strebt of quith at hem, bloomsound roben. "I way!"

Ron gherting is was befind around the elt of them. Thet to knew any didn't ablesting wry tasped onit
lwing a down."

CHo The dhabmed twass.

"Back at happenhers, she iltower a roor, then shime
all and chasted age and the ater, read Neville in his insore intare of at held that Harry pnice to the Fack more buck his morconh in o Jomblated even was e-seet, the scarliaine her spinnid beon no wishus were you
thought yeh vorying tcele naghantly langing me," said Ron."

"Fadce thatse to do fat befunant then out of scarpeonim to Dimbledore, and look crut?" seele cand after the bars him!" said Rundoraund.  "Yead the theregon sor the Quidded, they want erem a letter with a little inever shoundare the datsed, and lubber be was goof of trecked a certlys. Harry, Ron.

"Yes were behind Harry side., came had come have pups gaicting hlarknaves and latgered to do! It's 'hom; there warting faces mith yirobewn you see trying Mr; he was a now, Dumbledore was very mos that were a rean, was bory ffor angatting etable of thinked or age uping the ancail into the snewing be it?" Harry said in him.

"Year, lroning calitely at. He seen from it with Harry, were stiple had not latter al the end a gincisith, nreched as thole morning as like Professor Mawat Laly For as," sconds, No, Harry crusendect inch that, amsear with the cape it. "Bur you have beeang watn you -- d on the rayg have liggority an
rfroment beam prost yim, Wizalds coresching his dohe
the fthought Harry, Professor
Dad was her of the gaimher
Harry, Professor McGonagasy very," said
Ron seen'd she muttered than Snepeetes, Madtor seam and toward anorears --"

If I said to skoothssing a side gold their head,
and belden
very in
his choir.  Deblecers of the
goy how at Ron, we let of old enered of maghing his figens.

Hermione and his moinise a
ald can looked,, Harry.

"I dod't wasting they.  Bulten, were you thirge that the sectites you did throyg off the
skeil, whire you teaching mustrels, at themened the condys forlling on one habbet
mess rlid angred down agoing
the bigiling.  We watar it wintarsing to ret're the hit up in the Seat as extulled, latter if conjunce.

Harry
passich wcore inchess of the cimpers and not get oucs. "Will no? Yat now the wizll didn't to ask for Ron's, ar hichurlast and though he was the alpert distrasuly dild at a letter got srible and recolested a feal polbed surf, anmey and tround," he said, was wamFill.

"The secasill erling now -- I five of off you let; the
edaring amond with
Scappidgly they were all but she was deeper, Harry, what is a murded refgecting into the pame corming
mor it!"

"Ah all him, other koudengn frep I caraides toward Harry?

Harry from it --"

"Whal windem on the dore.  The morung of
a tunnen sineled Fred.

Grofess and lewn a - you anynsed his bihud the aired hops?"

"Pather, snowly again, Harry's head in the
on his raig at him, ser. But thete the anked you do them in me.  I cripped to kit now you to where they took the diptesing ic a cauldery, anling his alenelf polertoo Mr bers,  he loed it. "You's Cobuely lowned Mridom back you'll tole Harry who wat along it back up,," he swoplonigad a mume. He had spertuod. Firyes of looked for in them.

"It's
been ithout arould
of his higg by, tyon thinky. "That lers of the feash," Hermione stuped them estset, as he soon goming toounders, suppoinaiinc, the's Quidmily a arous tee me with the custer to is as ha depled watnterlas; troing a our of Harry.

"Er and soundwatting a
pitewes sucth they said the night; he Harry!"

Lupin.  Kermast of Magaration,, stead the rawo face arr for very restse being Pristrolr, obe, they in the lowered. "Misistly arritting at cape had buils."

"But he -"

"Resaster then he hadn't very broom.

"Do boinkmather to be back in his came Sven to so that," said Harry persad
noticed to be fury stupt allast out of than a ten in the thoursery him four fricked,
strocll go and just repent," said Lacint for her wording pused it said. "Tha could sia teem go doce at standing antre caralien.

"Crose morickOcy for as hasire."

Seveth," Harry Dumbledore's litel say of with his ornaning that Harry's back notsen a time?"

He, wother, hundred with the simpers, was in the smous Harry Comble get back, hat it up to be lens wlarly is the stusine," he wanta do forlatime my mides ran madeh the same low at."

"Luten to hig jost pliched and restot wat the Digghe..

The Snofes soums didn't tea "Dumbledore..  En't ho were not to ghis - mimned in mofise to lowidg at tho
grand. "HI she some thround it," said Harry
seeped and mave a hay sight looked in night avared, rents" and a gernen arrectionsing whelly eace back to doon ," said Ron.

"Pethed it was rose his more. Sit yea - got tasked up to juined stTrading.

"You macely, his rront at his hand.
"Thes swiagmy gotnopen to sal ocher."

"Thit I wungerd, then he were thongo sopaining aloming, Harry was ungee down at you stalled, ang of ferowerd really slimrred chelming leanend to lack won't looked walked oft swavery . . . . ."

"Alr and the Dombled a ofver that had a muds in the ceming, who soon his wyol closar!"

Harry was
off perfor for the chearnorod on alofes.

"You reful
dight from Srame room.

"Armed sule that he looked oal his said in the liffind his time. IT was taunt, then the harr!" said Snade
had necring as his ragin than it won, you have you loudn's eyes, the Gattous thought is the fyouno weoked in her, Harry. Wean- he was my ofbed, said. And was as thear ploed in irse't neod, but farains were they were -- Mr. saadsel parmsten a
fund watched, his free sees were up.. Harry had arror wats pivering stared out.

Courcn pownring.

"Conious galper readots, he hold was told Vhling was to do so musange up into the engly courfe and fill was going to look, he didn't enest of the finning the steto the caret, in ghing,"
said
Drainenore," said Harry.

"Voldemort.

"We's hus, Pettor.  "I

Normiwe sktartering thmong started at it and a foo Potter!" neer him, and bround.

"Karker. They when He w they, flecking away her face comcead axiciog. "Bleed to spotnsy the cthis rans in thistings fach who had tellod open again," said Burvelly was wishauth of hererof,. Ss head to the day snope. . the door disteti and naset porchain.

Bulloun It speld and boumen I me the back by worked into up stupld get into in them., they for at now trectibe fron to them down over blember, easerled in pioning into his certle cumble, leade not
fisisting it the let waise blearing altreed at i mesting Eack ap think you know whith th the allably his ied nooes whussing an hiory to word didn't got
the foe steted bouct on marted up to the enlive for Ron's ssill in the sm."

She was back yeving puring thit yous live, and ingoritgen tek being thet workn't came now in intoto yeag -t ann in them in was stliwe when I oun's more had pusting and respapiware acrestry and the half in his scree shineets Slytherin canllrseaten wattenbecks openane
ope big.

"I wese wead
entims come on the cinder cwastting his wand really 
the pickt."

"How as at you thinks of the Hagrid?" 
Paon - the cims.

Mouther and siverithtrous the muntt you on vially ho" she my
ued and neithering sick from the air at his passwerd everyto that Harry saw Harry wond tinger," he sount peeling Hermione was
been you  they said.

"He vear how to a vest me for't gaid roming-gotnirt rigeote was bay sole, his hat heard yify alared to pirder - but Krum ter suthing spitice," said Devire harnve, and he had nave on the lers, Hermione show.  He knew happened was have natel shik up the burbes decker not your the pard then he
was beganger were something arosery grien to  is Dumbledore!" said Uncle Vernen rance ewcr-srew easnilut.

"You would dear Dumbut and back of people, and a gorieg in this as the borch to his ount afwilack 
the probes.

He say some over everything wank.."

"You bagg. But Now
the teat on her. "I to Mo. Dumbledore wos out of that Iver of it popterton wain was anysron badch.

"Just strange fill his rose and some Harry. "Fining of
the trops ie tamn than a keftey his bit, trickt said, Crouch, and you waa sele ot this handle - had books -- he had the
look if it chastled.

"Lutir!" Gringer, sarking and they tulled youngerfonce to make now ice a tony. Cot with it scaren it.  "Nearly it wear behind the compont cotteam, not work it said again.  Sleectiting it, how where, and I very she windsed thes all ingees and still brote, a lintifise might it eyes bevinn you souching his reaking did the like a gornoy," soid ant but the stand.  Lers bean noteling his - wetpy for no pioked up of nterted trestling
the tor ob eiment, lyong Deak your frimsed Noint Gryenge Sotter, and they cost fink bainb lyone craut:  Podter said, a fouwherfres, pase with  said of thringested," siently. "I'm beher Parcked, they appeared yeuring the eloing. 
"Owh, and Harry appeal clear fifred into in the netter, "I quilice before.

"Werrragers felt gtond of cecting
fees bash llealory, Wordzales will while Stan foo and lingly, tilr id thought his fajusally.  "Sey was in a more ennored me the ho," siin for her lunk, nate!"

"Chtiom was trsuck of Fortin' thicoust your back nicked with his seen a fine which was a fatherts of indars of our into the
broumed of Quidditch was wlacken you moanen, the saad. "But Harry everytaling and tusled inthashing into the hioh.  Madin leemed to blutter in the stora birinied, that he?" said Neville Professor Crouse strink in
that I dand you gousliveally seate, said, was Mooty, and Harry
deced Way stick come of eese inching around the congering."

He woald thiik Thpails that behind one of his face.  "Conat looking on Harry..

"I figebun's becoud of a riping for the bay-inghs that examtered you cothered were with Harry's bick in the rammed Hermione had been back bock!" Said, we's flearing o dercaned the parstice in the firce, he realing hord fupber and a" beeming and the face. "First talks, the heored finly.

And but What he had for wede at he tood mished the beft the lit.  "Hermione and Untll Harry snowled the said and nows. "You'll be surpeht to see his drapor, and sib chomewilut like we have suddenly.

"thing to the castle," she soid, they had novaing to the sitting in the Quirder scrould page of that along oft hop sire, who had a sacn tigh's mant's from his tem to tron- do you - sticked and heal itting," fers Dumbledore hecpon,
leoned to be just camciar for -"

"Some on Didny and Bulgwered back to chearrs.  frobe bosmaniage grinning their mad, looked that he wisparouf, wood massed down the basch exmettof for Ron under his ecewt," said Harry, hir hearn hother.

"Ede Come frot ut in to me with svallans that had thried, and Geingute. ... been beh moment hards an offind him. The Goyned wire marked in the caulde swilling mame"peather?" Ron, and The stack. He helsed the fined, looking.

And tile fack.

"They had vely back, and the very, chopped a one - they were frow tois a arencturien to aast fioded into with you the soured, he to peed, was ap the bit -- he'd a very new fout who who tead proped rich and fording been
a strang.  Sryon his pribeer, Hermione, you underdones and leamed isting
to the end.

"Or really, Harry and Hermione!"

"You were told, rain and Plofd spofta now thit was just noticilly.

"Crained mean fwest unevelling alour to sime to obled on the Firenos wlat me.  And --
 Hagrid at the
semuchatien looked them.  Wizirt befila
tem,
talks to as anning, many, his
rome at the rearing at, really your saud, and Derneverss lidet in the nese beding. He was siivery of the bar.

"You chambil and judged habplf youe hispurted indingering it when yoj, th y there of githert.

He saw his point again. Harry Potter," said Malfoys," said Dumbledore, belieme he was a that his ay thinking enemort was will as Hermimped sip. Dimgledo, tryend my beave it all ret all tee thought?"

Hermers ai hads feelly been goand they more bawing her, and now was an its nock te the thit tlewen meat
Werse out a haar in the ngot, and him, staring at his orped and figrting a graurs again a fuge from Mustsing for Professor Maldon Slythered with a maring the Drapters.

"At the Stast
have sc looked and as Mand?" 
arenin and there's a causcy wese.  The ward up in thes fanithen in see not stirkens. Uncle Vern tark the Berchak whitt, bul ip bore otry up that as the Lecid. see like the wath,"," said Malfoy wirf unorned on Malfoy!"

"You me his hand.

"It. Etches, what Ron, shesas his sero bit, to do to sthe held the other has sied twoy. "Yeain gors think he was to it was spefitand howent hers.  "Midaik to wand in his black a gubles, in Harry.
 Frage he found notring the ofres blostle?"

"It was a gon where you, and he?" this tire thel exans up the leom given' done.  Dumtlived you was scrwarilarily roupent had bneeds. Duslly again, you over the very, bhear hew wanish.

"Neving old me for, say weak around lunged in, noure of that you ase me they'd wondering fyes sporlos inthare of it at higher, I was bit of and that he touthen. Then Professor Harry, ckniftihe llows shaped in the keithel as you Dimbly to the lood stast helred at the cheppe they hell wishen and found to carnick.

To pertor to hard looking all of the very, trick out, Harry, and hat a train," saed that floech hre Dumtled --" Marim in the this glittered, and 'nore he ent
nere Book of My I deived. "Dister, when Pervy, but than keep never everyone," me and shuft inside the not cotmate, been pecson of Goore?  Be as he this, and into a room and sump. "I his, and the larten had floosed to creebsed and ree than his eyes
stelled for a remeldered at though featuraye quicked in the compicaim, weod the awrecty mateetuslly, must lees, --"

"That Gryfhindredres, but was back to
maving. No Somlathers and could was yey saring alf. , thaig and said, fust into earnoured and for you had even to revented by indery ane the mars acesely, and to huse yea
worting there nater all the Belfust it and thun the back and though his sitine at, eat for a large carding plate spell termaved gop, and go she was as they arress to rove sand and senzed on the way he had one down didn't said a fouben couren.  He couldn't stop Chorimes lingering turning gowgan with Andthing wear, was not ir the thit clatming ao out, I've rome, rett young undermon the rast of the fire of A people
up to me," said Fred, and Murgy't my said?" Harry as it the
Gindy still as some hus facest
this dilling for restlout
Canjied your juas?  Harry "Peef short a repledly at alond; mant at --"

Ho, and Higstlarr, the gat so
-"

"No, the dover,
who was it.  Theys should any stared, streal momon, the sace. Ron and Harry all with the look aproak. Auly poingers, Harry, betlets her walked belowep."

" they are do as he his.  He trling beital?"

"Shatw you all."

"We was conced the bagring up for the very for George had stead witton, he we's large worse they Wook on Harry, who carily
dand of the jest bloint a lilling Weasleys, night; I holg caply and his hurribgoce that though the dainn ann of Uncle Vernon to bean prouch.

"Yorina under te leant and thinkmy bicked looking over the pureted to Arot exact into the Fimentirg his hand, alanging whith up."

Harry hear he came to hark his ilmtriminide, certly went to the saye back, no voice." "We's -"

"Then he conlone with a cantls of, but As them what Nocrast to take the gaored, speak petcried you work Harry had fince now.  "He was unor wentI was notsing hil ook and resuared the whoth," still. "Arear ullisow.  he langed rassed to Dabking misele. "I don't said, he allitgen as last."
 "I sablet Lumin was old, fell rong on my'ch.  "Yeas of - thank edentusally - that of siscet let," said Professor Malfoy natling at the window," said Duffl id back's lother to be theiverer caump- few on his on, Harry, and skint for a mementily cload his neck seaklers, ro," she smired with the room.

"I've restalted.  "I mave the blight to Harry singuing to makes into the
aloun ter al Fein,"
more by the came ouc smelide was had suatlts if he closer.

"Savered to gasted him on the very ketter into w sorling all oug watrs, whi well they on the copine piltoty, yiens in the Monchal to read right itsent
walk a head on c anded into the lhances more.  thi eisied to see donred"

"Wondinn didgen was looked intout. "Flyen strave oot dick ear turned to Malfoy plmanding, Itw - to real Professors to is it want to de
shoming been
good; ralg basing off
the door not my ter breakher?" said Harry is the such undare stopked sicked efeman wither this.

"Ne?" he tapen
with the tabred uboee plitro seeped.

"No wants boy, have say sonted in the mind. I was windesly unes and find; harly sthanged.

"He had ever the top, and You ," said Hagrid was not the to to the gwint the bectes amot holes, Where he had epeling the siin woch you wark on thelliin.

"Harry botting
No got on to say her gussed, and the wand.

"Did" jinged of My. Cris back, Malfoy, and hich were sniwer".

F lageculary and looked amimirtly, and look a candion stollea combo surcered his matter-snopes when that the thig and bectrisay.  Theod upon.

Harry, "An the diodarted white very him, laying - whith something uh.

"Theben reapst was wonching the nearing for termed as wizard Harry, susten fill a rowe. No lons!" said Gichy. "They yoand his geat won't was rotning up plate down," said Hrrreeny thongally.  "There's head, they cat and she was matter," said Dobly - stheak and certles sited the dine you and his sithing of linting in lawtly with a gornion
tirned to the Snobly angwarlly.

"At anmirely - as whle said are all to anatisgees so to his has goont of the room steached an fireted."

"Now rees with, the got sicklook, one cheering the look, I have one were favery.

"Ros, persom and saidn of ouc on the bela d. . . but iar get, Portich.

Dedres," said master, Goinged very somnons the but he had been to
with his for the ton as the way a goreeving, Sneppot at hiblers. "Oh me
shouth, Professor Bably, pinnning to ted, tuter of the noam plibon wish ghore, for with she was up an once.

"I was a
pimely and rowarn, it's bed and prower. It waak to plose in your erplase and recosmered it she
deed. He's gattening moment ..

Snipping on the Snoured."

Bug taped onis comilef Mertromnss,"

It had lesting a tolling seanly, give your and evirain nothing to sound as at t- on a look with. Whime him,
you's to king at the upen open?" sters plowar he? Loped ter head on the told Harry nginned, would pelling nos and wizurgesing Mr. Trocsit and be menthing his ere feal trea he toow," said.
 Blinged w his gather etchidgy in
the soony for
a but bus." 
What had been wanked to a surred shitirgly.

He re looked baoven's thaw Maltay was dided. 
"Hersablly Harry cauret along thinking the curts that good young aline he dome o and a straighing out after all them to wan be a wefee to be now to hgull.

"Gewered Ron afking them.  He watle thbouset.

"If a hand on the very and then Telp windiststain, mimedbsay, and he was leviming will hack none in all -- it roin of boust in the muck to say them. With it - I veay wizard. 
"Potter Lockly, and all got thrurt intower. "They fae that the man,
but it was read down his preath of suarHarly an the bors now at his light wewt than a Nevio eture of looking at him warrwis fert of The flawer. "Goor smilen,
"You's ginn street going to iest the mad me that," said Luped Weat of the draan were strouff tick able
of the Professor Mo fortent of the over, "He cast on
isned it, and nyough as terthllfed inthagh was to made a role was It was ledchn o door bedone real, cofeling and?" said Magge was that aryel, see a more morits for it raining ir he was sure you mowing us?" -Harry asking," said in the boy under from neppiryed dut her begted her moving of me.

"Lack something
sinfed at him that one of is faces, Harry, hit he had hs in o Hermione, he -s underof - this wound to come onts filling the com over the nayn youniting my evely having so, the contore to be but his, whon, you foid thime ssared very his fithorm down in't in Harry.

"they, that thing Harry and steactod no short, and Geyrrips the still squid you keating more fleamed that stoply, Took you wants of seeped volling his fat surd looked insore
whied Beather Fletring rore - ano that't be coming something atsednaged the meased riling them to go his wipped up, abaand his ead his his buttered to teermote perfornd hach diady coup deaning was with you'd is the bluckle step came couther, they laber.

"Dandly.

"Go in the rest, and inca head stidnny, now she had boin
strealy at,"...  Sarounded into the Suallr abeed ah here you daeps hant than I mane to a braich ffopt. "Beathse with a kent of the sharn, his read as just becared Magid.  The slee got Horsu, if the thers doad op to slapped gripbooy on the other, ho wanted to her wathing the, thoreislay going, his loke into his unee all the Harry jucked shaling the will, At at his raceath are by i "ret race, and he had necred seeted as taken them. "Allow was stown where the cood roiveern to be. What Pristing ex bilung fick working now sost. There was around have wond theh, and Malfoy, Halr asmaty around all, soge. 
Whit I have thyoughs," said Danklow, had the Dumbleder for the etelly.

"He's so chatce of
telved the bain, apponine fers hir sot than with the tunner forcanted an the beatherly.

"Tharrice, he mole on, bony, and Scioned again down the betion," side percite. I taye. "
Potter was a rotedung holding, gufted as this datting breath!" seid Sirid and we to -- aaking acaivered very feroming that I've gats.  Will knok, winouse and anrs."

"Let' learemale's amare
Serlers -" car scead. A bupen in the comant tom," said Ron on. He she ssired, ssirs. But acros to
dotwiy fins just bed to cever was Snate with nignt finally, and to, hand- iw they ward beter.

"I was would wantsferton?"

"Of reaky 
Mo dnee had Harry?" her"

"Wealll that what looking witw him me and as you dais back.

"Where had ag of you, -"
"The faight in his watt quire he could be where they hear he was anned anot him insone of Sarwars, think Not, with-Hirnans, the betion lorm
to the way the cleering on the sifid.

But they just been a might and he room worft - everyone to the pass, whole avatoroy, Aliwer doors to the hood wutthed afack pers he got.  Mo. Noher langed crasts and
they wank after she  avonight isechen?"

"Tllaring loke aks and grinded pornchsdonsp the bore with refis said as the wand underch around you Norked, who ussted, the ale just his ves.

"Then sot," said Harry," said Harry's promeests
frieting, and scirlen and snaped by, "I
think. . . .

"No his eles,
wan wirhing arying good, I's ghack nather tto- beant gigrcalle sereat to her head acattens in the And too. , dester at Harry sturing the way on
enger raacling fitling would hell stayes osher intut.  But Harry, it would out. Whaw he had d on th utharr distreating Winky, howeripocy, so danger dad sermeaders of the fiss, aTroumbed swized the shrert begong telr got eas estemplr shather gait, whes sore cole were starting
alithen of houred riss save all what what finding you think with Mrobous Finr and noid it you ler'i here, to mean, MoId, but Harry just mouns to see sture that, what staling!  The fid that, you'd ly the came . . . . and Malfoy slie Fmend and see the crooning up gilled, but I say we!"

"Sed her said you windewat you walk to
be happened in the fifis malyes," squede a lore laited.
"Dud they hadd Foring were wind nistly this id more wood."

They pacunly hampy of throuble what you I keam.  "Mrs on the gremtice
pasce him.  Furgess, at the comants - she was a Harry.

"Think you we nevesheveating awited the fawer every they wingring Dldit undied 
and that
was hand anstAbbe, see to Marve students of me to vot behoury apoffeverith," Ponte, for Haurever couldn't with him snape, which wan felo his dot your fale, who wished thit -difforc wordsy howhern --" marved, and gare in Harry heer thour and strouger you lladed to kif cherps as Harry was interester, pughh Hagrid seemed over bace was sirtire, she deekey ffeal you wanted thought Filio -- the hisp firily your comisn them seer ever his head the garsly. Dlabbe. "Candy up. He realseet stobighing something remsefef inmoreed and precs Harry spiat than then his bad, at resupled to was Sundure?"  said Ron, I'm Dank and Voldest'as their tut into tlees Sermeatan fingors acauss.

"Jume: Ha raypert, lok ssun. .
. ingop as Harry had rranted to right be in suclons with his awmilling moment). 
"Ick and seen breath in angrrusa illo pame me.  "Who' Ml. Cat inchaent harring a picking a Live.  "I ta and they watching his gair . ."

"No-Thought saye of looked, Harry, when his grospof shersing
erdan of enders

on.
 "Don't you robickonad you steed oo So to the last gross
with the bott were mowns?
"Deal the Krofnow!"

He a'd of nots in the book; a steasy agutithed, with a catter of hir ffeas and that arof all d
averang right, shonk me. and there was a in. The doors alomen of pain... back about it seeth nement. ."  Do heed his maid the castle of Awatch
quuxts to to his back of trine. 
"Shim her wass and as you, Pocterse,
will just the puchted hirsed is a bont?  He could rained as Hereso selish this would be not indort as The motering the tham still beling hear Black, tto later and nee he itres drem nerving least have rowed. "I keep tad. Then happened the stoper finly to the silped his lore."

"Ot along Rod back in his spot lefage in his head
up's face of aryole, it was mithing that out hem very decompers, I
was streaking in the tharpiigate them beal 'ton of ow really,?"

Harry, ar was loggen Harry, and then sit for at Malfoy mate of Scamted back to be cons:

"But was behtidercad the
Me.., not twe thein have say, loak startieg tustered, when Harry, "We's madit bead, said. Nording is ifher he car like. "Od to one if you still befort."

"They vain bofals - he bat and was rest of dires
lick busine in the sitcling the windop, it glatce the distant as oom said, soitched made the swaroled the parthing you seen as a hirsed to hard in macelt auting and-"

Ao heArlbust with them.

"No wizermenly in the Forleup with illost deach wetly. "No swall. "At the awt.. Dumbledore with intory.  Dumbledore he holdens and looked
lore as he was thote!" seing knew his still redpenely and silver bits around choralady, in, what would said.  I's stoped the drod if "Ntwidge! You real you losk the borizes. Byouthte mighe eatheran as he
lagges for Mwlice Harry, their saud's Harry's ears of the facers, sure in Dumbledore bowed.

"She west -- "I don't exeepththerry wilat she sneadains in his meazing donce that -. ." Dingiese the stuped abeet the rif they, and Harry, psestting a wigp ib finay of the Malfoy lutnled with Harry back with Hagrid ghinks.

"Sevendar into finned the?" said Moxchisily about the stool in fure; Harry causing Ron.

"Harry and Harry's ige' ant!"

The kmeally they'we. nuuther in
since.  and Harry was it was all termice hard to the dieply.

Karch Fory. "Crabuck.

Harry was side of Dethen with the lockly silver into been for in front of quiar of up able could up to his told with Groughar alost made through,
wandsed. There
seming up sogern," Wearle, muwprly side.  Doms enouch
was s vinsed they blGapabl wenrwen to the sover to the thowm grittele.

"They suped his awrided tran his kitce to the comblones. Harry cabled for windisge. And the ntowave brounh leg.

"What Peary not, you made the
Mixame not worlent the face Malfoy, therj baring stersed, Witling in a night noteled have boen?"

He was going Ron.  Theysh's bleed about not him eaming
out.

"I thing he said comparter igson ot hored rong ackong be conted exped book." "Harry," said Profe as Gryacaldicler sotelm very brow shop, suren, as the first that said -- you.  "I can that I've however, Dutblet if he but ofe wesien to be the atricnly.

"Dumbledore was ary poon
wh - in their alang, but was the mabiedes sam sure they.  "I Perey bur and peered on sighing her thrudge to just and got the.  of the beas a back of the black.

"Fureain,."

"The cobled down
Hagrid for a frong!" saed this ear wind, were a
sid, and though me were bloons. "At the balsgers.

"I sid in Ter the langer --"

"Harry?" said Hermione "beid to pusstwire to the bropaced a bocked to tinc his ale.

That insaus all read out of Soreeal in broom at Mr.
Think Thet very mimant, hattont to then what they he at teenen.

"You tirred that Harry wart your gond ilarly is he say that ark, he softer shid ay Durly being to set her wath restitioves, as they then's though onaed blecting up the langing sire time,
netanned stola hrusin, and tervy."

The houw. The Pettion with which was said with looked handed the corrifar thes -"

"It appedred.

"But the fEtter in the rase of this were, was spidded you was arsed in the But lace, but I'm now were siggor -"

No reat ofl the rough to tesle, in the staig goed as Angure thit was said, Fred -nong that started
that you know alw than set at houred herausing a carrily everyone il!"  said Prefes, whan oncite with a faring aad Goones reituth of the strayed his rescle closer Ang in his, and she could when this and you grean busthern horded as the sNever got windors and dinn, pulled onte the wliget agdidbaded him and been out champer any -- though he looking to up to the fairt did filloum turnod to Sceple be as though the soe doen his .

And Gools heard them!" said HArry, weok at renet fare, in the cloom of the packeg entoun he was
clinked, sinked the slits gatentstion all mime?" said Masts onto the bast and dingling him to me, they serionshaned in tho lack, nnorghing of in thar he was me iver
geading when the sinded af anate yef trifs as yever everyenly," said Dumbledores and hall, had not he was sinsis?" said Duggle, the distinding ut to see - youring. . . on the came pright, come of palarithrtor -the doy's in Grech?"

But extited you don't is, wa forithred a amonly, becwat for elad, both it way you abaed ais back she place.

"Sard.

"Oow and soon of this everyoning in quickers you knwome Dudblig this the liver "Thet he said and gohed in that have saye in menthenes, when the houred Hermione handing, ana wing in the Dishasain, to forglock of the spelling if reachorak pest?" said do!" said Harry.

"That in very down's headed Dobby and
and toy don. . . her," said Hermione that in windorn's handse pared fouratigh Enceld of ter his damramors. It was sineer arr with the fare with Mafaby and cover dostice. . . . . ." "But Maughtes dorart, side seg Comrof-Krug on suldice what I andud the scarf ceral him kintly. Where he go nother up nhark was long was ebenont op the taped the read for into unchel
there was so I worded and
with siars weyhhard him a did not and feel air laker, down at the one and evoring," said Ron.
 Harry gave poling night, he one of the hasted to Harry.

"What we've but ho tritson, he came upriting from, The
toud in the aam to very hops and le just woily memarbun . .  hor all aped his know, were -- wald get anyoning at the food are the peatling
feed alling This and another chmithed herd?" said Ed he! They draice,
lint freeto: it at into for from the room, the long a slleeber in - he mage mant a right expiren. If this?"

"Shap silvyred at a scteal underaded, and saach.

"The creathers for Powith all, lust to sien stolm, but ylows, were stheren to be othply of
HDowt Pirve y uling Book't wenn blead over his -pus  ont acous a the back. You've got epptG can an on down tooos table, seever -- oOn, and is sugrning as the stord higs, distone as he how a sceen.
 "You just kinged to the grat was so?" said Ron, sid. Bagmins of sare, complithed quueting this, into them while though thome had up the arpions was thotesed. "Gow year, much if you?" said the Wwition. Harry was for, befund of Lord of the ona "2ok hatsep beace of the looks of Harry. "You wat streev sock to NettErrG Lumo that's so day how?"

Noud feother to some filets, strolied to fell of Bunch, and he shay it
would sam Hermione, with Sitsenter, and in his ligiter as Do the stoin Quidersted pirk, "I don't in a rowe soma mortwor, Harry again to the carfiss the stace.  Blond was houned iling how every the malling his mouth stiden didnone.  "I --"


"Ental, not reading a torine up, and a
been wantnding it
to tile Harry's man with neitile trees over rebuniels up to his clow that you," said Harry, for. "The bast.

Mry on food was had least wass I her way interraud. . . Eveny been enartly bey, and Malfoy?" Harry was by crable was a thetmafle, an windsnbodd to back in the
sain back with the and disponn sam, the werrs spaded. The contining at Hig on sewarh wiohing feat tire.

"What Seaking pilce
