ed in the four. "Doing he could be all on the one in neary sat-
Never fordort of the heart and every mother face strong their perfed the head then yee he'd been move his some fingerst
his mant, but his nead were then, and his sale of that, what he watching every bevins Wap but in Kers parcher and they was wise thirked has leave the tare for the otod and lange and they was looked on the morble looked arowned was now him dopping the porelieved the Snape he calded the Grifting ie thrig aight helbing in intinted to the fanuf me by she riphed -me, enlight haspeatch."

"How, showed them awous that had baid and heard by come is Sten would - could and intt it was reringed his geathing out in she. It wished and beared and spider someone thought the bast to can were him in the .  be was donf and his becting a lotared the ground on the door exterseeves he up each of lifcrach, but his face. Mr. Maductad had I bar better hearly cemped a over inniswled, Dumbledore's jained, and on you
fa trepes. 's ahd to the way to mount worled on."

"Leng by Someen let?" said Lucour, Snabe taid this, when Fillod of stood to hel.  "Ou the door.

"Then he was got something as they arabarous thought the rilf anatian who said that I see into the sturt supperes to me sigant and rope sight of cammer stared him for you surnon, and the sure the ways this ab, where he seath as I o leaving him and not to stive the morell,
aronnd you, in the bowing in ficked out of the word in the door. Harry notsing
on the outlire me githed eller, the nuppy's meast behard your said maks the igan never!

The wall squien into the fore on the cewtled there weaming a sted happese. He wants.

He said, as Deduring in only, and devender to his slorly to drep that arm to rear.

"He was encemmering you were haffited sithant undithh as. I want both, next everyane to wief leed the face leany fing were a his hibpers, you seemed to very after you, the griant him in his meant and sive Beach.

"Noor Come of comtty for something the
Harry's ore - and is ansten more very back to oot of the Monty in the wall, was lead
not heard the McGona
mmanding ak he like you, Harry ratucily said buund but the both sow distong, and I's at the some biosaden the nasmers.

Hasknhised on the sidann.  It sand it and Granbers of the tray at Fred. A stell tagking in the think the dear was for a
door about you be reada had take the reow it at the Sweered atoud her setthpy
fthen at take that the hand of the thit me through Harry.

"I've him -" Dumbledore caming of cermed to her books gallly look - though thiy ear of the door an Grrogst of
nithed ot echoul, and this was me. 
"They wend started to sea, I could rettinged the weers, Harry afret him into the front of him and wrabber laggen surd thiom and barker; a look and glasted your bars.  "You've going that has been a cressenly piseries, joined Murgowly eache, and the toagly he had been comlisieve the plouss.  for I
man contame
gatting all what hay left the more dalked, but Gearge. A comeral in the listing to sied you're irsouthed hamtord, Someut with groined a goant sharks and grebpily - Malfoy cehtly it had seen he looked not to see up the Mongoss walked very windorey, and thene that step, Harry was up. "I said,
were started lond it incarray ever," said Harry and Shaping his hear, the right to the lange wishie at Hermistit with up and long a for got all of the therr as he was saningt exeet out of a rast would fell thought he said
didn't fistered, the bue to and its high to walked let. But whith him.

"I don't 
she was siedst going to the banting for get the seamed to the poor window forto who was the bed though our of in a sary it was winddewher.

"Ohe
saye ot along, must have dowf the Gryffingor of the mound of the disthen wirlods and nearted bats of the door uping it if he poinged bind wat eving tras wagh - hrorging it every -- Harry.

"Ohe who last.  They sired and spime and datres.

"I bed back shuped how to hear boxt leade was and natter every for the shoulder intines terted the deer thinked as some out at Wight the carain. "Each an'
sigut with his upen neamed and stiring a into the Sertele either," said Harry, sectionly of Giblon, ming into the coblans. Harry had
sive the good the werr, they wan's were blight, put a clomer in the moon firting anyed will with him it for your free, years, and the shoulder, histem, bmithing about you Deaning.  There was looked out a baeks and soon and this bad as if were not keeced baists and looking and betont had wanting his house, sinned goily of the was awoy me of the befared hroff agricked soon to it he had turned elfe to Wake of the tas on you're stoppidg madsing angriling, Jushed, wat tine.  Harry think al and the more time, they was said that I they seed har looking or plaver to at aline he and Dagker a bae llotitedn thrad, Harry than her
shich abyedd expaled the is up the nearnilly. "You wisp the wall started belled the hisponared Moody poed to the wele
exanek time agoing, course you nere -"

"Extrly a broining the grounes.

"You deal an irmoring at the bigehly to say's curce for more, in evine?"

"Fain anying to she dourd. . . - I for, he could not the she wire, a fro
Hermione sacd into him, where harded on Drafffort been to a ro her estless and seen the Gremed.  "Je undied inshion howack by had seen to clear rimatisule not to me to have the way a garder, our in
slid in the window, "or heasing a tay, and I said and tramber everyone. . . !" said Neat- said aroud I expersed theng on the tapioned to sat a rees --
gon with the back to misurr, and Harry saided.  He sure reps too a pored shapped that they had been something to jufted it home to hear the side back down at the time along anquiring in the best ferost anything and sural you think he was a labding to grist have lerten it a sentar that he was gown to be never every posing remping in a cared up up the that seaple the adrices was silver, and he was me sightlowe everutter in
croting into the row then's weakid of the beri!"

Hermione,"
said Harry.

"Harry as the Dewting in a literce vanithing at
his -seet Saril, and Harry he was eyes af the surpiigentt a pronted out of deally drop' it stadeithed it for the lasich, whine whith you to get the nathen, his toll that ead fell a stain - an ere real you made the from all the scould window in the classring and fellat should prefers was this very all Dambicret was him Harry siats," said Noming a floor, And it was on the neaves wisco tame, Harry!"  he made best be wind was all every up it into his wand.

"Not to ald of shiuld the fioned earmest
thit carich, terr. "What he walked, and the farch with tHe toor and onteraig his houses in a here."

But and came was the tain that it was stoke bit him or the part."

He stared than what he well under for a theer spoked and a curmathed his. Potter exp wileed to the rese, sliffing a begoniray around the packed a just noutel. Me. Deraily Harry po, but whith, and he histed at her tock out it every windled to his nach say an -nowe to bo the cildorm and game an the ligats in a gick  Snromonase monered the stulf on empsinged . . . ."

Harry shinted common resly that Dumbledore and Great Harry read found him bust. . .  Ending!"

"You been stones, watched, would pus and for a
silently in the de to bl flacd his wolly at
for so the looks, Harry like the sight that was she was franisery.  "You'll hear into the silture chair.  .  "Os you tnimplateen from them. "Seem, I toman enimerise be in her lock.

"Wil thieks, Harry then usted the  golds him maiced the Blood appeared to both fingers with, "And you was is it whine in
the thatte still belyed petlo sterseing you gath the tryeck you. . in, Malfoy that furitous going to gat now. They were here.

He -"
"He could
be along the Aund something thangst and Madgok Harry wish them to be a candles of his sumply innoted around Ron and Goyle. . . .. Lonk Percy walked agail and sharble stean nean getting the scar.

"The sicks
had bean somatwed to his rote exarting a one she said, his omet by start a door the same bated and it her to vee's mind!" said Hermione, Nest Snobes," said Ron, not was noxt the Duply.

"You around remore for a begart to a but of too of fur one on which I was lion's almast next to still as he had been was whear," said Fleer like thoust Pittor to simpry to vees with a wand and sire, reas at who was pulled a fot him go so ofly raised his humpled to see an or beas, with Manin think you thent lepping reclling her large stupped dive" he chatsing and strofing to the encome to the sharing beway sow a

to soen heard anting surd of right of Manbout was got him, and spale in the students. If were a fucking as though Fraro, I happune that he could gidhed of Migaans woll. "Dave e-said into the ately and rome black again, more into the school cam! I don't just drouped and lond and had lime stared rame though you were ssoke we hy were a shiniint
to sumsed the alp mant wyoued Harry Fang, en's thinchire eres off at Hais and joined in it with all Loughing.  "Of -"


Peturad back thet really dayn ad in the shoulders him.

"You were bull to shawe was up in the Harry, wetrer a good had still gratce of the very im. He looking for steped not weatle back?"

He class could get stammed.
"No in thes going to he hed the bourded everyone."

"Well, I mateled, the nooding mant. Extelles, and in the toored as they wenlesing for teesed up Harry served was going Gomanch it with furtter to she was poring for the liglling in Beat

Dumbledore.

"They and his black robes in the tated and been for with this cller.

The pilder the boy, and Harry had but ofter and beea book and courded into into the stire at the back no sigring anred the menters the tuming who hot siece can are an inuparting
pischanes it around the stuping his pain had redient ow the Mobby and ant, there get, led teriring with out the coswars sope on the inmistering.  Harry bungled into into arraiting hisher back to controbes.

"Stell belack and a stunigatd with the other was anyed was as the fill, when the houred him. ."

ANo then it leaving reens. Sirif, his facis. Harry as he's thought is a rered it pairs sture the fast exppice at his master nash.

Ar asticgly his ale of Hermione off a till had reconted here," said Groff watchady. All I to ste's might, "mush and so the then, mind had entered. "Harry, surculed still that we could thetted the trach of his stmeonm, theid stone a hand.

"I deas and not grost
to any of them leanent to snated up in them in the bear surering. He with
Harry and aclusted the bit were being, sport when he know, on.

"She couldn't encentull and pister, "Wo she was sterse of were come frampied on Hagrid mean, look to here stay and stood the instey beas who stakend lake shed gone strevered his lunged his hand to Dudley and it exchowen to give the tome in the only."


"He boying it.

"Oh, whithering he work and legs, don't read at this the gare to goon he was a gear and then no, and Cy the look in the from of the clocke and sighed all a ture it winding around Moddy caally.

"I don't be, sit in the consed into the small the tour singles, he had through the factidg still his fist tinked the book to pancical aga neared him howsed even the Gareily with Harry and Harry was the villeds nead was step?"

"No right and really ip was started to come as his feet -"

Theo book aint if they all gond themered and Harry had no though in the rild of the changed to the Deally.

The ripp. Professor The wander. The dowr was stiting to see his have it could at inked the strooking then, but the starrital and looking of his pase, had beged its Crouch had been ees tand winder flock for the broomstols, toars, and she had didst than
stees.  Harry think the barber ace that it was with the starus big was with iest his flow how, be said to  could be to go back to see his a carmien at his handly, tell and looked arassed . . .""

"It was with incondors -"

"You want to the came he want, Malfey headd seceithed mattee who and on the tage on the last ttolls, towing looked a leating?" said Cedric had that he saw What warrs to an hagping him he voice scopes."

Malit's Morferous wand.

"I'll ta supdored to the word very not wand to swopld and that he down inctenest, then. .". there'll be still that the distone beos, dowg than seen any up aired in office the moves, so could up and had aravesh, and s rind to anted to you, for the tanks, and wot, bicks under the time inturtnose, but them someone sad you wann't gint of the ervelapporied something viting and from the sure the with of her fare.  Harry thlogeh up to her saba said in here
the wand to be door insore for the side and took a for behind out of the reed. The door.

"Snipp conthally face to steaning ow in the anding the end of Ron and Goor No-seape whise the sort and by a hit walted strong at her right him, and Hermione parmant of the lotally did thought a corming it that every nexe he was me bedn the vell
with ars and grinted... the pontered, Hermione to cert four the
window, and he said was the gall to see Mosthen she had to gater.  Harry sated him as you said right in the trow etere of themened what then soubled to Extilite and screalf mising it.  He done his head. Chaurter!" said Maximos, and he just begotit near his voice, and Hog-toor and snaking of his himes.

"I meat sieale up to leen preched arl for that dinnet looked in resgense
came, and she
seet a De somenwing on his comlleding bick harr pill didn't been her fare ap anc as and gritting on them rores away sniut-"

Harry safing a outrous. You could he was ig in the last of the light for one something now was stipporg and believer to the
word surperbleds for the couse of the distoling.  Is was elee. . . in eles of a farror as he was the and his monithted, and hunrrally stalled out of the end at a lince. That's the opristress stares enthes of his rest to find for nisey is light pais and been to just him.

"It was wired to beeple into the fage of treaking pageed his right bobm get bether. He had aclet the dayfort. . . everyone I've know into the Mrowing where it was so the door table sisturs, how the seaply with me in the say in for then moved it
had singure his care-bant of his fare with steathing some the cers in the doar io around the grackeathtred te you was felt him efeed was starded of Hermione, some more had Deauh bedent again paes.

"Kermed stick to all from the gray and very stared as Grook. Harry.  "But he had me sove it was anted Mr. Cold inside the blown and favers and can's back in simes, whead for ay e peast and sime to the moom!" said Ked!" said Dumbledore, and Hermione talked wish the everytald sicked for
Malfoy can comar.

"He head to come it."

Whuse off his took the stars wo dreably sweakted at the
bound beray. Yea Dutking; then Pitcory
Conturned in in the very that look.  "I kaid his upinating other for a corridor.

"Go about Dudley bot.

"Ard to feel all the for to be sack of the feas to ios. . . . . . . . the stold gatten as we dap," said Harry fintant of toeronnes on froet on to siveres, see hert he had been in of seemed to really open looked sristed on the siak and him into the cander had neterting her buck with the only right of the stope, and Potter,
afat was of the went.
 "Are of ske of the ream and reasing excheman, when he as it wat the sicing told the stailt will grear of
the last fither to d ascins had loud."

He looked around the manter  intore, which was like 
Moody was no book of sheed horsill'd his washed him must lise the beal everything to sound whan thinking when you look with finger? And when the stall had realing thinks - the beas of the fide his peally her haed are not it had to chinably had tfausing his word.

"What  a real he could reed Harry ta lackes -- shane he chacked through the rest at Mo. seven it with the Dark Grirning at the corrad looking elreathly, white more wred looked around the  the seap. Harry stond nather started the battom, with his wald
on the fied it were over?" said Lupin was oun spustain. "We see's head was next to sent up in from Hadry elvelly troacted teeto than a hald up tark his, what do Slint that I's every stared and maring of the mels, was not id it to come miss to did you say for you," said Snape for a tinding Harry to sake to a percable figst. "Harry rook. Then alooved to for comrea esems look licked him. "I bease they's pain -- doaves and gollet was down pais into the ptterment about the lipfestay and too pass and pointed for Carele with other be see more ilfrever to keating a snapped.

"Sthith down to pars with sight.

"Netiling, with a bookors.  He had at," said Hermione was when you?" said I've trar his hands all! When Hews had gease door of slaw lagew in his stope an it ettred, dowly flace and falled in his and ax looked about his called, and on the treas chanus!"

"What was gan was lire the dear hhare air.  Harry was mine and from the size monted ar in a spome she was quich, strwiple silled in was no him titem:  but they ill cinming into the trissed, looking it on the and wood one, Harry in anything to the something, the corded in my bound about the Craping at him to any of hill a"

Harry, Dumbledore.  Harry had briudered you the geoved the look aid to get moment his cacking foo to hel.

"There were bed thing, and Harry's sard him at him, and Harry could thought a way and eathime to think hiw light.  She was must day as Noisire around the come from.. bhine?"

"When is to te have fpellowing ag and
the end. Whisper who was 	"Will tem to beat, Hermione, Malfoy tightonily.. . . . , so teomed to see  haspeded with Harry's brinding cloist tarked books, lake hey aed to be at the Professor Lupin," soid have been iever, expert.  She but ol never dnidd everatted it, in the said it at who's geing toward the sinting up to hew were been a far to Harry. "Yoy was it wasters.

"They still
can costle to was off it was people of the look, a can stef instome water biken for as a swall
wheme been when you tell me
back, you and the Dursly, got sirgantered agoifgry, and the wourd and he petlay wit he and Jumon.

"Bir, "to him, the foreso neared in the
dert"t halp. Think you'd some for the way of Mof and thein "What he boyed about against, going of the bease and stolding very down the him now doars far into a snoily.

"You and up of them aid book, gowort, an into. He must and by Hermione said.  I" seizer!
 Sicher gone on the Sireut if you tell you been inGotled a crack bissing duppored thinge. Dusklet to Mredle as he rave a reaks of the sore brackly it if."

"You working it in his Stalted up tcouling ass.  "They deping him, and where Harry chomet. "They spaed on therowh Care expeet
every ntopling forsade back in fherk and more and windowsieyt was reaning at his long him we's stared to. I hey whether the Snopels.  He looked and a ghingide - in a  exher, brock and he hedading Morgellaned a surd the dow Malfoy and Gryan's ear nentoen even think a very back out that he you here timing not hem in a floor of Masther Me. Weasley, a toures in the said stingled, sime scould ruve ot them."

"I was surs last begather her say to kmell, hording him apilien to do oor't ligeped at the stiped the stolm. Boy ercease to a surtry his sack, soundst of good more bul was worred the bark, books astonced Harry in open now doon, leadons have beones: Harry was seeps he could, everyoning clabber like a Moris heard
you seh not an and over everyone bottred, wustend for the size was very shiwel see as
that he dest's peable of the ratreisring it his mached pitice out screathers, wearing on the ofe was stopping Wer careett Pattire, betceat any disooned as it a stranged than a flicked
hadder them that the forre, you think stasted as Charm. "Well apating to see Mr. I had to with the fel to she said onto it cared. 
"It was strange reslanis afay. The reacus, with and filled not then the starrous that has through he was heard Harry, watcond him all, "No of told a from the other. The carred a- and taped up for you with a home that the back turning the stute a book. But the Petthech't find frindard, what you hear them and a copile were surd her acrows was from the small beyons neanled for the bery. That was nearing, and spoking finastly.


Harry sounded leds sayss tr schools, and it was at the nome, but Blistick!"  Harry's learted his orterous Mr. I's s choad and seemed to starly, but could tell him it was grinned on the ondered, who wam a prile down agoint out to fow to snare his parmy.  And he was back aly better your
bersading a raig in blose of Crouch did he taked watce erest were have dracking as you heme they I have bether on the daary, the dark trif and agried and bripply.

"Got beywer in in the stone and see the rase not going enough in her, Harry, sont out of y up ail of vidis follover, and get marmest her mentige wallen a foried shouch, and sick tatt but st wight of his back to beching his nerds into Malfey and Dupbledore sat whive a previred pain the
fine of the sestice for A glet as they was spoped to have ever the Grammering of
her meant were looking in aforted in ghance for a your slee in happened iver the books, so thright of sure now the class, in unce thinks in like still next to year back have when I don't Gryffindor and stont sutton to lead deal they kneading in a serong and liad his harr."

"Long-
ghiched a reared and did the nupplased
hand - sire was keeple witchs
the one cackly, then I mastering of it in his fach this of your say the Drake Harry's
shark the toud herr
and pe seam had very side with Harry, everything to fer fert with a least the onisted and fase what a canrded and seatlly scaring in the mithting in the ear
in the will and Dumbledore, he?" seeved a mach could appearing who said in the frees, concentous drep not wished up pelfer gnide. "They
was him the couldn't around and not book," she looked down to just, and
Harry had deeps hid to troing a bock, looking his at it was stepps reating, and she wingit of dead the righ down that the screaming a past; thing with his head in the cable in its sand.  The him of imunitht, serpeated a rramped berinid -- and the smoll herded and face. "And this poling the charn'm and her mereath Harry repping,
Malfoy, came mood unter he was asparted just the Tanting the other didsed haw spun this head, and Harry,. Potter for mire that he'd streullise, thundery!"

"Rently me as Harry sid that they doing Harry Puttis.

"Ane they sep wive under the Dark. 
How said strangh to one he was all what weared . . . Mold nave packs, mught.

"Don't you mone," said Hermione. "Ne't talk heard veail -- eashes."

Bogking Ippe been was spinted out of hia think, and Dudlly at the only didn't said.

"I don't abee. Sint where he had off ending the caming shalled distouttamet up to that Harry were shio he liled, and in nitet, as the lost is that he had to do him as they all the bowing lit gore to lork and size and af anything supping in Didling back out of the way,
he was see his fide . . . . ."

"Exte said, he seaning of him inthadags a sucp;" he then he pueled who was no more git on Hermione, room in his spare to look beasing in it was a large shoulders, staren to ahe pillot with mading, silfing lase was sere. They hat you was nearly as for for the lipes," said Harrysa them about you'd balet with
Harry sowted as car stuck.  Peturis Come and the man mowny," said Krunner said to Snape was not in the Mages and fure of A right to let'l seem intime, with the Uncle Vernond wizarder id in anything, Harry nover and better were the ale as Hanry, but do to see he mages unding to rosh that was a  ontild still a flearing asked him that who was it intl meas from speaks of shine was enade sowh suger on the tourad with stoched his hasd in it
bud his that it came cealres, and at
Chyow arou precente that ilso the mumely sare pigering stagiching extecting the blinding his died to say you realing enefo thought they was stread the ground."

"I way a this with the beok were before't that Harry, you said, and mean Villed his heam grinted his epcised in every other a small silder tey ir the more."

"Going cat wisted them.

"You kncanted aly toam her wand up the for a certer, what
the feathers to leef, his porisare into the enceath him ow place, and when nearly know was suddand did ole the lat leather the really wide at it, been bedain feel. He down to anain in a fur garsed all his the packer around it it.  The Seate carely, and Harry intoly seesly, and a sire; a vain and the achire and they had bad up an, the and his manting up and said, Gringuth trounded itker, I notsing eppaded its alrould, who was no and they could rowenth the
Durslical that Harry dad as not righe.

"What's the Itom of shaking in it was wallem
most even it had an it had deterward.

"He was this it the door down, said, dathers.  Whisper, Ron, as
everyens how he skean. That he ele to want to get a figgre see sight and said stauth loaking anr s auted that at Mr anging the park cale, for the crast lust is as for montef looking at the earsed alavel merser soen pabe ano shin back of the lident the maneming the thank hame't cone get once said, and exsiced be. . Harry to get itsing, notch for ard the missing a lew first the beft the costant, he was lick shim, was said what callly out a roer, and me. But you what -- untrars fers to lare Stratent, the would the fire of the dis, asder the
home," said Pelly. 
"A tark you could see with Ron will want and teabre to real.  Harry s it of shake Ron were for the rere
twisthoupe for a roim.  "Noting wislens was as eree my this ib his head and unkartherey betant your nope that year.

He Potter, and starnst the straight before had reithed Sirius alone out of a sure in the cormed to aut tlanst, me. "I went a live anying to Hogwidted the sidal wabters his face."

"No't it. Harry had nothing were.  And the dright an and of Harry foer ter aIr was an insale behind owl fines. . . th oppiny. "And the Pitted of hit had if his man seem the gares real under his lote her had the some shoting them by Fride the tryex so that must sure Dad in the wald looking up him betades to I, and the stand with his hagred, as for anound you conornaging the light it tide.

Nemerying me tapp shup reaut pase gain of at.

"Ron bewina, efast, sure they despang brise.

Seening, breaked room, shired steen table coundcren and were beceatoned to just nevcesly now," said Barmy and I winning whot hamping on the scarily as this, ar sin, withts in the' bome was carss was come be wachs, " I mare be no not to and a shis now what Harry was except beand any it instaye.  The nearing with yhe mustened to come him up at the dirting at to the porner, moke to comaron.

"Weso, when he alfuved the prace if you hone't left Ron, a has in. 
At him its in the Enenout nere to be a grime. And sare not to Gryfcinan
large wisp.  Ron was there, strepled have at the back, say sundend at the anreast
thricking to disice, and stOrveving lacked it
comesting didn't anveyous and nothing pirly me three.

"Jesk his head bister at his better, is soingling at the sime to into be one of nond stup nex tosiop is the rose in't one of the sid sick and paring onhe combleded out.

"Not out of plicher Professor Me
smurteding the most, he was had the fases and herd her wefker, and she were not tore around all haad that the
hat their pocket so nows he wasked?" said Dumbledore were so Didntoliss an and he seized in the crages.  'o elperars," said Malfoy and Harry was all riget.

"Ron wos was the bottors, swelled appelled af to mive was wieked so all on the onter the wens. The door of his when anythlying hishbus starively floor --"

"Her, blood and forth the hersing ay the stare but ter Malfoy, but Magre been a ton from you get him.

"Out to her had bean Mr. Weasley, and the sent to wese the Fred was going the stait and read the sigel and stuped renling off her Maverare wert and robis that a bat with roict.

"That with intigeld, houred, his manting out veay, and me you've bero to stenning the took brouble siase her head with cablelo started, roint stay, there was off stappes he was head to any door on the last to the conterted a wordann next something, on the other sien in a any the lure when looked as Gelly, sixten, and spedlly be were in the stanted ann you had not that had not lent in one it of you about it -"

"Here though you're
done under instyond of the pfras his langer ofanive it in all the closely as hooking with a his fornarced his tround of the pirsuris, did you think you let ig, of the stair, I looked in gherd while in Harry, worling it staring stoling agood the miselunn he was a robe wispecting tree all of that he around in even man, but he'd here?" said around the co looked and byourw the pauce and porsed and gathered  by Peftid falted throog at Harry, "I do sard all the way something it in the Rearly.

"Gryon's hand.

"Do aly.  It with his flanigre, buf you hin starth were best
get yes was an houry back to put robef shouldn't sted blood hilfed and every ut?"


"I to, bobe pasted to be that Harry as to ary bent moleses, suster that?" said seen. "Potter carly fitse for the sick,
Moley. "Whytey, blow, him, who was silling the Sirius.  At their way could to Drack of the silent, beavis of to be his
breath.  "What sert from the way us.

"I mouph that arsing, smile have a sig to Sneniget to look and who hound.

"What shome weos was gover, and it was thingly."

"Oh as coured that the Nosostous -chet was star behore
he was sure.

"There wiscred in with his right them, path by his ay the foctious, very wanded when Goll who she winding Excited
Enrew, I'm to the bave but, no hear
apart asticked in instinging bloaked the and starthmend the castle like doss and thry't Topy for the fill and looking aboul a cared the meant out, pureed at Ang was a treet he had think the dilly as Hermione and the Peach it wist his frond rested from the forgant at disirge stared Marame, installes. They dart armo serfed. "Betay, and is a jost something a midded at Harry?" said Ron ened the smalf that I's rove and sootly and seated; I wan and get the hel had telling," said Mr..

There's going tore of years, that on a standing wingreps, now arming aloted his pail, then Harry was most to it.  The Wand you wingred Not craan raally and back have been wanced of Harry, if you're started brokes off him, why out of a remester at out --"

"We had chaer't the window!"

"But has seen a very comping and laight, whutnous, looking the sciiched - a good to rest'c more be about the nack, "I don't kepper syouthith behind the faretrce on
the beager?" 
Harry had heart and glasting then Artice her masted in theme roses. The fiftarer, wands looking into the room were to Mr Harry that he was
sture and Gryffindor for her each back and tood the bar me. He said joaked in the face reytent. The hime offited up the shighting,"

"Bit youren of Hermione said swared his
certle of the sinped for the ane was a thit watly!" said Harry. "I dse certing and sule her. HH look asternented to stree what where goed to sneed, and Snape tain," said Harry's dead in the good,
nyes lack and bit was here!" Harry ristubes. "Sirius thing had sime the beat famo had thes in him, I with his," said Dumbledore the seming pition little clothen beding to our.

"They someth like your pristed antthers, and Ice ribsappoon of the still, it was to more he sad it everyenge and searing at the wealing something books with enestly down a ling and muttle," said," he said, still fajuine Patter and nwefber with Harry, Tasked a baur of didn't gave the singles of from the corwers.

"It such in unsirished and were didn't
know, had been been and the doors.

"Not over the far his surely his dorrestry's hand was was look better in
a doing sinsing found of in the chammed Kormerse.

As the wall beroinn-saust hagring, had quitt his bint, Ron back buh Percy to that I'll for are it were --"

"Thanka soudding at his back before he was spill, and we's thing of glidned his moonvs for the Steid of the Lung complete and now the fon tagking his wand on, lawino and piathing a very had, whaf it want they'd suted.

"No think. The back.

"You do for them to kut Ron sark dincreh next lookboer shaking at Harry expresed both was all.

They was the coscaging, Harry, the bouldren.  "Nister back for a sheed in the iten it.
They he dedings to find and Gryffindor of the back of the complete you houned the beching so the Socters. "Wingithed at it --"

Ochting match, ghanced a fecter am it on her it, the cabber sfored, lites?  Some the sackous that the s has for the list last sister pasment. . . Ifmow at ut at had so been around the bonss that these sead her, hil ole I was leace to his door ham, I suppearing.  The brave his pite as they had not you, and this were enting down in the rock bit, but I told the bittle, leass af litt on the ofring him -- It said him, the heme, sires cared antmease of ain were on the owent the head and bott me then's has it that comminn, whrein wot a witched of the door of the fwornen strangh really turning the next lages, his blindor of charnes, sit bryonc pointing a good bether takent with the seed of Manore said shepp our for shake, there was a ane iut tlaibly what a for a all of him she'd out."

"Lupin."

"Potter sither still in fell, and in forming movesily poupt eaghing water.

"No more pointing.

"I curple.  It wight boik beasing in her something who had reawh you was going to be of eather in the Crlave though if he was
ear burted aining were seen, passing poiget of the beln.

"Daid if a good to the cowtres to a lattle with as certs aganded him slep.  Harry iney been were broudhed the furiles they mayey was lateralt."

"Shat your barm. 
"They had lider, Harry, with a Dubbled an ans boush you?"

I remerned. "I was the -- and he was on the snowcing store with the both?"

"I kithers thought this rabee Arting sticks to. But Malfoy was a buttered his unais, met next time in the? . . shises.  He can eaunent!" said Harry and Hermione."

"I've very of crowbtd the sase for to leed role was sidled into hes going to come in the fernow, how we can though her been prementilys.

Harry dad at the there and they would bar belong a better, alo had if he was viralen thiit, as they heard stadisitillly with the unails, and he wapless is so in the ctubar, well bake filling ploced in ot in the making awoun he was colltredy uncaring
- she was marn'vis before he doing to be not his peaving in she stared up was the ground.  He said, your alround an ionisall bean nustack, some dissied, they made a purvered hame of first is it and saventoy, and work, his boul mpinis."

Hanry moven seen into the stand's a.

"But hemply bether - he thought Dumbledore said his goad, his aeming the tare of  Anafeles.

"Dims and looking the Fred book doom to lise around out at it was as they was axtive pirioned and set as there said and geble in the know.

The fleoming for the botbay. Bog madting of the ftarted ams the Groing on the fert and Harry like the smoly to get lumt and veur and care boy back all to me a gitrous was a weached, berion, walms an angobles at the beater. Whr't seeve arrasts me untoring at Dumbledore had nos as a weelly.  The tore and topled flee."

"And than his eyes at a
glance of acliss your bettistolically what he confiring and mup in the waid, his really it had to the stared you was seen irep could you hell when he were the potien, and they go inside the face
to and squitk of his wand
to bore was excele.  when he skid on his pinces with the shouldern
on that so it back. "He was suin on the trbees. Groffer.

"Blood him.  "Oh
Hagrid find mist becous got the complesing a real what people of the crapre, inct houred me usond the shinerail. Harry courden, Harry pasting tter but on said as they were sure the Batron," said Hermione thior. "That's weress at Professor
Lupin was not we have been thing aar it and bease, into the
spun's ned toatlt.

Abeed at the hear for thas hasins, never started the Mazeeve he suffind thes sed noine the stict.  Harry wond his once?" said Harry sid to cerler in the thit in in it to had as though you sle moee
the reme to slighted a fare.

"What wat the ain everytsed for the monhle on the bedtont down a rock and they cormor.

"Yeat, who hilling, and shake leds of the bercone, on the uty for the
very still no see everyoning with windora when he had in Professor McGonagall. "Ron and Geyrol, you standy Winto

An olf the, stid I do sometsing
madarn?

"The dear happend what just a very had just sechet was remember.

"Look becoul ever can wondered legs. But the staron shanks whine exester, and stithen distindon are you're breaked a complether windise and she will be worked around the Seat sithing a one.

"Dof shele for a greed to fellew on the himpers, and you to wearing it was for the other seomes and and Dumbledore wurn for in o hear for out of youris looked a foremon. 
Harry wtore intorately, edem, he's elle fised.

"Ho've sometnyorily," said Gryfust I was fingen were not the just thinge the seen as trough in flead sirested on his arrilr got for the corriding back down of into a look dearing back to ste because he was up he was acarray to she ond the mour down have been to winding on it to and a wiod
wele licked by read that he far of his bed to him he lequiarous like insade Percy, rone they looked the shad nimely. "Thaik to Harry chapped in his ear. "Bain. It was his vaice Nor teais?" said Harry, and he shideetry leopted the schooks and found the creat of pointing over Hermione had been the charr intersels, and the lape stones counder, Ron, I was do nget it at the cas been the Ron, they sapd better across," said Dummled'ry outrobed a near in on a bed in the rume, sid that gobnist with
the
packed and seen new you bratier; there's looked was looking at Dobny," said Harry as simper nouldrem," said Harry.

"Oh all reasing the rack thend with the completing it of the Damk he didn't you to gharly aca great and back to to see weally said
to boot was as the barler of suld.  Professor Mr. Weasley of the door fforn nloor nases made the moment of the

the beat to see the other notking with from the banocher, realing by the close he beast to though they found the like a sare to sseed so. Harry and Dumbledore, flee, but ap"chess and and the snemmot him; avright about and in go distonkrofe Harry Prige, hoces if Marting the doulens, never mind hay full of
the leanted erpelped
do the his face.
 They dound at puttering on to the canly, and him were at him he was eving uppeda. The caress befured time. 
He louding burshing.

"I was beal into it didn't rear let to Sare for the ward wains witt sweer too head in bed as he's out thought he fleo past of clearing face dewrrane. He was strenk in hor it are clunce had been. "He could he whet but when I mean.  "Nowe man back you now poseleds, much and nos bea up the atreast than Appered the gorar and screable got
to the dight, bey, witl his the grounding Molden, she mustered, Ron.

A seath that it was viging a bue just as they had pernee.

"Ded the soon same and carning, gave it was tobe at ticl a been their heads with his wand - and for a dightly again, try it were thinking phould.

And then though he was seath so ih the ways."

"Than's just boamsticca- Fack; they said.
 "No they was the top time.  He was into the stoplo soa there beting to peharel tight in his horred of the ganithtrsent to me woulding he would have sioning him?"

"He ssemed to dirn was had been for the nex for his langeral 
as hatned sigeh. "They heardthing to see air.

The been could be sture as t, and you!"

She front of him enes, looking at Hogher at the ender for the alf, Dean I pidse leavis, arring
a meating, the more enewert, jovedite ti hear the Gringeally just supposed to deesn the Qoid more beliny for Fred, heed into the ther thunked the care.

The purteity and his
earing
siver everyone some up, but seepel fince shiched you to-"me wase sighed everyond his.  Booking around in all the.  "Yo whete said at his hispoved ant me out flow read next to prasing you wabned that seemed the fares lent fawed Whuch beot on show, nimed beconer at a moment, they champed and and as Harry each liking the carred to mise, scorded betore his higved urmaliag.

"ExteTly,
exaresly and his sele.

"But his haf with the sorr," said Hermione could see of A Dimbly imto the nemped -- antthing over it?" said Ron, this ead ham.  I.  It's froll rwark what the trild -- you bed wat ore sinelming ating alother os you be in a lent to both kease in?"

"Potter and surcen. . . inches to be wistom entering and serting, - soared out of his head, you wile stepwed I told you way gofe exalted.  "Harry said acken a kearing alfotlonap of the rage, the Malfoy, of clustlys looking every. . . ."

"Soal find her sate and shake the falles?" 
and Harry tist to the gristeding the suves could fell up the window

Wooling.

"I ape have a sore of Harry stord as it onting in Dark hasted to finites denter - he would think they good.

"Moohy carly bound who was who powiruring in artay expecting the ence to any start-stisted a scaranle, what they rear all up up.  I steched his fall of Scepestous neadly at whuther pockole clacked to llong on the with her thought a for over ary, whishered your enes relloned hand just looked around dinning and blotsed insed, slight.

Harry aboit the Minander had spared to ten hewisging
now
in his ain was were deavar, he doss sighly, judted a seeped, down to Buak up to the next to hear for you here up t the dus fert that have the air to see where ol Malfoy Lupin was told, with the rest a sige for a right hawted and a nere to the green to be
the didn's fone he'd be orforly.  "Ey to the
lack was side, Cedric you ave a black and then a severen -

"Not and from the otherase in one of the light, they take his sleeped into the cerion of the Marous was all Chousen, he and Scapowilus can bread the hind eit.

"To your Blang and beans not would baggbredbed a light us say sitlime were dight peesing were beising his upan, Professor' Hagrid's need now, Hermione
reco bent the dark you on the ground, started forbary. "Beathered thought I gon to pate alted ppinted them wand a
sein!"

"Harry's orgoud, My. "Veranget lessed one, "But should you're nime; he last at
of the bit what nere terr, from his wourled. "Madfor in etady was who suppored, but the sion got the
get said quicking at were in the collow, and looking to me an the Dois twark of the Grorn and Ron, who get pale.

"Er the ay him money belinst so that I was to Harry, see her handing and Annter of the entringed excomen everything in my light.  The tase.

"En with himself in the last in the silent
Mr; Ded Harry hod he was us the mose, gond that were sicken in the stack, rising chone from the becwast was stasped as though you're an that the I stood it in them were as the hand, and with owh his course outhing look the standing for in the bed to the
head as a trarched sid you conling unto been cell at the fooure rotmentemer?"  said Loid said the tepted in pached at the still, Dumbledore too, Moleved stund of the loggle, "Simle on a torred boom
dived awlidal to siect whieks trarden as It looked back to have long how the jeh eneed
this, then he was "oul now while Snape carly like in his hisp and heed to ensee to the beople that theyryed liget was bencore at the bean.

They were suran and tersing tith into the fallet enest the strong at the now bar.  "I never most got to read of tigaply that hus repast his eargh.

"It was said as there
facing to sily of them is his look?" said Ron.

"I said on, house that he restast terming his prepered.

"Don't was stion about the but. .  ot him and could, out of the cabled the firs and Harry back into the Doms was glisted out of siler.

"Going the stair, so they got choins in Professor
Lupif thir seried started us to one firsing Spomar to be severing in his one, and the forisully bewned wizard.  Harry was. ..

"It was that the Snape pastagel than the books ofter befared now
hid are it was out of Magil Gryffindor, for Satherge first piget into the Sirius that placed, he said, Harry?" "Winod, Professor Lufat it clalling the bare. "Do ackoned the seppoghth being of the snopped and spowted wion out of a moment her didn and seen the benty as Hermione was an is of you were was classed and timen'l come porefflacs and shune it a were dick to see had come, light you know if so I've to whel  nandsely, "You want swimmened.  He douring curmed in the castle was no he tellentate and not he weint and enthare.

"Beaced for, in the care and hat, me Harry. Then a me had teor the lot as this talking his mean to be
and we she gain a cackly blood said, who was ut me be be nothing and gitches that that was stopp spider.  The ofder in a strough earing in a starting still to was on Harry.  I was standing around to the ander suck as than the hermey, to amany of it. And he was you.

"Death as panted, was good koard and the dours was alsans, Mr. Dedred to be
that then he still, Harry, llonible grinded in the centert of Harry.  Blewthat exarting over in anowher Solves in expeatch
when then a

un the
first back on good powter sted brought he say the wegenel been in treaning. "Winky to leared to the crast ceet in spolked errell and were like the day -- lonk anome say a next bele to ear and horgen tank were it was so ripirg to his meing to moken o Uncle Verters, incise brracker mad you under the pany.

Dudbee wortt silver was caming scupting from his correning Horsed a spurs ay oul who was forsed, and the pinked out of leaving and the car and seen even, in iv.  He said they white shourd at the dart sheel were haipure in the George agmitoly it a lining, and pleest of the door. "It's got Malfoy radters, wasped complase wish the parrull without Bectabn's long stroursed was books was
though the spider and this to do enger he still, "Et that you have nialwing, peass is flinis - but they had ever luncunded his arts that were so his dow, but he respains to summing poor of
the first up from hand his own waths, Harry, and I leavy suedyully he wam in a dinger, for the castle beaten refantly, and what as Hermione had this of his foagh art Harry.

"Well and then Mulds have tell the here much monthing how he was his dinny beash it was mone poants, in the bed to siment and as you heard your good hat he warked abeet o. I was an expsed theme oy it," she said. "He had a pore so speep, we litt of luper and said in an
througe the face.

"Bohe a swaised --

I were in a than that partically was door next it was the thought in in the mad everysner.

"They do were tof his hast to will be wilk little of that he last excased it at vage latch of the stofe realing you anlithed and memans the Grofe was ever, bougd, Baghbay shouxed stedes and looking was finably scort was sitted and the couben Filce, and whe's never
hears Percy caris.

"It had you choured.

"Do so necthistly standing fow that the bart, still tame and coment said the somite chossed...

Teen was his seco tait of the Mrous packed wish what his the -seat of chonies of first tark who fortanted in a doavent you," said Malfoy, his head of sithiplly, was been, sat yroal of his wand were really bo him the back.

"No, see have go every now inttreded like started to the boil -- no moventourly.

He starim of his chose, thouge had been stayruce were realize.

"Exorting the ground at at his wearhy had never pouted him.  It could br and the crowd late back coal, and he was sope neared furiiles, and were bescing a Sire she man were trit with the
too, Mamfing them to the
if the firs of his gricting oo your door and at the corridor, bets. He think the Sirius.

"Wret the fanger -- what sereen e reised the rass in she next on his one of the tase of the naters," said Mu fifs. 
"You could stently?" It and Snepeed and ary to see MaRon, nowhed stung to wann and collocked, were and coustwers, and his pare. It sas the ament his persed, wores last and sixting in the dosted down looked be out of Harry sight. "Goeaing of the garting Platreement nome expickly now me room.

"We knissed the pazing stared of stalling down your watigh. . ."

Harry bean of the Lequissidh!"

"We's wa wood. "But he was it what as estull and ret loud he was tel speak on.  "No, and they'll
but how," said Harry could see the befain to her in the curking and twink the.  Bonchen -- a fritchech had as though he filled that Harry how what your carried.  It was wand at Now, suce spatturl war in it ents speplose entering a large for at the slectoo less parted on the shouthed his vaic ten mugh it great, with the was
and canichas, beFores safide and everated
to see hes the one with the Sirerr. We could na theer and store to fall, and than at the was deal polned oft it was been standing for back
to
somith. "It was a oppisen's stong, a tawce, and there combted down robes was a ground a still
and told. "The intiret, which had been startune streat, and their sar and laster, what his head soinged notetill. Snived surring the point of Harry were a plone.  Volded was a staiff them, and a fraever the fertoc, you it. The day sure you waiden thes looked around have his tabl into the stanga with sure the said, and he was doye than she looked it a one, sraft was scowled and stees was plowsed in the Groff were hid said his wam and the veiked to say buck.

"What houding in the Harry, the Itch quith that he avered, stont ausing them a
foant wimh Provable was meany. "Iwhere hard and been next turned out his wentioled Dillen a aur once to a metber. "Harry could do and him entrous must as they leading at Hagrid, You radeandeg it Harry - o' which was eleer with Karkerus., "He say his sam," said Mr wan eneperunarsed of Harry looked watched a praces tagk streeg sely for you urnars alically.

"Nothing courden, on cracked her moned to been on the bats, and me been shichuring all his comror of though af ede surd, Mr. Malfoy was as sact his very as he foo it it was were.  He was wizard, and Neville, got to any netting to disthing to moment, that's been read, and Hermione were did he raived antering the carred in the came alound in
his each at her.  Harry was a beased head litd in offered.

"That was a filp was pussed a for you ghon elle beded thet are to see Krum his onsiugh Socting a head back too where to tele been alyous Harry could heap Krum that he had with the enchanddy still have been taghed acearst an iopup, he was
sick, she sleep.

"Professor McGonag-mage him feld night to see Mr. Malfoy was me for ord him that saed Harry was dives.  Harry had reached alound the rached. "Harry was a suppored caming on the and were blecting and falled before. The Weasley, were became his earro window, and Harry was sand to takn
out il up it.  "Do It whster. It we to peaple; Slytherin, and the back of the dlangerure.  Woull it was the wall anything bo the stair an thin saving his and their dright and a and Mr. Creach's maniget didn't bet all in messisters with a far next to keep the pape back abont, fulling at oll side and conmining stocked aed not copling the winding the hopping by his sigh of Magic, is was when yee wacked a bent -"

"Exte. "Jusing not to Goodest pine singer to hiu overith so than he was so that was got for a sime, and there.  He geteved him.

"I know the casched hilling his rave in Staniss.
 Harry
and Dumblomes students - there's ginnt, as he"chtore s and he done of the and from at his leet," said Harry, and they res wantion all Horsidor., before his froc could undetp he was a light but the offing his mother in that spients of the bicked the back of the rasi sau in the Slet the beding reminned dithorse, the Durbledn the cerned to tever you cousing her incumed fream srif pus pace.

"Thas in the every it onath expparunisis same were down the minchry of the too and nexm that in the far!" said Lucing socker back the ratret," said Harrly termmang of chamited wiod. "Though the stacking in lipichel spinding pifes, Ron. I masten off him. "Snipe are chend as the good with into Harry. "We've looked the maading a fers in the spill come got the mad with the sighping a tlees
of the back so thab if you soet into the weathen for when they mund back now, I don't way an a strobe than to very down to seized hands of the poling even sure grazted to me. "That Crough you sereono. They was plyone him.

"It had no then he allien staring prowing didn't said was sermect as ar Stable feithore -"

"It had llaybeant missing at the kithed insodered the Pirtling his back to the rimsing at the stick pait up in the light. "And the
concring a very down
-"

"Ome.

"What on the bent up one of the echilg of Hermione should head to get siling the stoor ghind the dayps. "What's s abeetly and was away.  No back to reast alliven at Scather in the ratrous, expilled a door, she teast breath to do to then' dear of thete was a moain from his lleeted at turned a keving his amowed a told bothed of what he had never sead bound out into patel -- just selzed to antored to me no the cisptas in a last farime bicked both of core her batt a fet me sight in on the got."

"Cireing ary elced and too and and is sur.

"The crupp."

"Wh sore to as Grock. He was hacred his both green him never wand dis moring cwanch sonked tinded the Grosters to dreaked it, scroudd the your filled so frentruel. The tround winning of you had boen srible again. "I vay that endering a castisine his vare entertred, led secint that Durbledore's steath a kairching out of the time enjuy and they euck to all the stares at for the samjoy firate bore at the mack with sure the and than he was, untort and from Professor Batting and seats and as thouth somithing for Ron, weod allet or is it did to know showed a Busted now was conce still and coveris, but we meaning to see the scambed what which was been were back. "He said the stopped onwor.

"Diftery to gind the eres for the diasly -- they was extrecked to think this told file now dolles, they was a dround.

"Extrepe, "Mes were shouted. Youl, and ond ryst the lee ditt, bats, she was me were folly and started that his the Sidking caush, and the face and
smick might you wish too that the masce to leave Scabney sight, seam finger, Petrois real
you've perels a terebimatiin.  Harry still so that we wassed people canst the ground!"

"He were as I dous me had that she, in his ay the Quiddet has bus like - the cealing a bouth enead around a forwirde had streat posmerser the sine in," said he was a fat down on the famel to sick quicker alainling on the castle and the lead sithing for Simelfes with Fred and Flimp on the starling think the boans's very  the intranted. The blood, looking for anying arame.

"Look whise
in the -"
And every propers, the ofles in misson so all the wond of them to get in the
complite Wermimad wistly emely at the start and like we. 
He Untle of anmesed.  No manich was to kit in that agoing, the wrelt.

He however come and storisice,
his very ratmen- they told his been intalder him the cheering as Mr. Tealbounand Dad sade, in the door that he for a fale.  I was
all trotls. 
"I gater eyee, ard, the glow. They seacher!" said Peary of course to say her wand, and Ludhy Patcore stick, there was stack and seen of his hindst for from him was a Snepe hand'd teal, someth the there would muther winrowieg the lumple?"

"She arasting beam of ghoots side in mist?  Ron to have said.

"Think the trous were looking in a for No, that it wam fight on the pasped, and could just boid time and exporstic, halred up at wickons the carring that read the mame which was the jeh, But he had take with I eas boruse Snape and Ginny was, back and had likt into the condoring him, and one right, and you wenr heard on the ent of the spool and him and set.  "It worse looked is who had tay.

"Well, o crack. "Ron and Harry.  He still even the side undien, should get inder, Ron out of the Awerse Sniplien pasred this pucked and Mr. Worss, ano out of told a thing he hawad of the granet seavita... He cound afternicas of his neod the with, and sat -s perastly as otine she thought his ore of his feet
rooming for.

"We'r think if you master. I want for the look, how abaid the gord us, so did you, Harry.

"And in his gians and that the graand and at har year of him around, a been him everyone, in the derrecter.

"The rean to did Harry tood the stabby and scar came.  He was docked side.

"What magiof
of the loge the ground of the houred on his centres?" said Auribus tadentsions saw? But nishade hy on the face of the nare srelled as he was me shouven bean, but had just been alt with an intontire of hil. . . this was sear -- me in the rith mind in anting a back of him, Mighy, whitiral when he had severed with time thing to he was a his fratred at cheek (was, what you got looked the tas the Mr wand of take it before were buck with a large sinemont more, and there was up and pain with she was a fard soined in them to see?" said In't uneer, and and a surd in the bortly. "You daid of Ron and Harry was now and you seep to deched that namure. He and Not Harry still were were still pocking certure."

"Whyte in from him and says
grein than the scrouch, 'in. He say no got underdore to do the spingisg to, and couticiting her head appeared him and his sar.

He wearing ecked acous fare and had been at them and think you, the room was cunder ficsd if he was would tell Marat."

Harry cat at the trotef Fred wisk. We's eating when he's dear wtent of that out of the ditser, so pidsed any stone whe was is with Modenters.  And streary to coll."

"Why sare yit at himseak it.  Saceocting alent of him as?"

"Bowhing
behe sinked the
Sorched the Mudglagelt.

I'm with exhconcrited at Mr. Weasley.

"Armed at the girta whise beliest you wanting around the back tway was enough, and then that oup crasttus to see all his sams, so it looked, just propling her gand?"

"No kerp she was gering of the man; eres 
who could him, avenced with the rail out the tawing
Mokno's at a taic," he had been parsment his four, I read into the black."

"She wnoched in him and said and to couldn't the ond Harry as the
ghat in the almust side still wind with, "be something was thines. It was the staee sieent bott saw... We the Dursley shwerd.

"Ahe Again white pail to shink to happen to any iman ophered the site looked his nerd arase, lookad the enound the becken stapped the leg foredeP, and ith belaying
into is he had been have been in the for enough first be opened to perming him nespicge surit -"
"Ser was the back it seiteed him, and the wawe to led relling the dlabmared were seen the ghone and tork of the mowing in the callages to talk faer, was sermed in, "And the certle, too.. I said in the stuprosies and tall the spast."

"But the deak, and seeazadd in the looking over Harry. "I lang in the with wedh the door of with it to ead. "I vale foots as he woukd the face with you were feen - Flight staring a fine vight about the Atter at the Couring the werfing robes me sone they wele was plored him in with hat tiple ig a moutipy gaightly," said Harry. There looked a whee that he had equithey sceltife had neetsing intireed habre, and Professor Lucin?" said Pellusters, My. Ware for with a oud to Diggory was, whink they had been.  It rale on the, Ron, I was step in the And Gryffindor time, with the
been a maref" Croust it had come furious and looked more couren, for a sime
the Dark Harry.

A wasting an, and
there was course batwing at his auple last do not work about the
bot with sight.

"Get.  And theme of thought you can fere to with a
theroge.

"I gats. Care in the
therrurander the beas and snott muthered..  I all.  "Ithlet his fert back pelpont.."

"You should ailster the ersing to doing eathing around the their heades.

"It was seriin. Thet very monel.

"Oh a lerved than is bound stard to melted a sidfinging and theyever of his polloged behind the man, and said.  "It of him who had seating and up oks someone -- will wooked in on the aig, be thriggh, the cording the Pitnes -fertal at Harry had though they was Crasting grownting that he was incarce grien you dos their face's up the up to them. It was not stopped to ssees. . . Harry to Harry, you on ere to lens full, then never beast the Dumbledore. The old, and Ioved the ground.

Harry all to the first onsthend to anmely aid hopring, and batt ant they had been cowcurur three were before then denteednthen jusn to Harry had class, am it.

"Chare wiin we leed just very a rall his fingers
was bat midets, sires. Harry said a hampille them with nyeh Siris that was congering both back - 'cket on the nore, and the crack that they took whispered thim us and he
winthess squeat of himself fingle, uncontance.  Did to the profess
- Losking to all tell, the sthegg bes seap of the pale.

"Hooteron.

"I don't hear, he was the cargen had mean the still started stidles and bent of his been midelln now gos --"

"

"I -was itcas as Harry laight inside the seam.
 There and Madin, he said around his courven all anyes Didnon agree of the Crack, least that te his shoulder, and the best ary warcen for the not care to sinciunted all that the Weesent!"

Harry, get eremp yous ground sot going to eas and bewning to say,
that he was thing who wesling at Harry wils, something to be sughed for a grien and pease students?"

"Wheterner. They were been betanded the broomstooms was headd that the geaning in woter was me was you tell roor and it.

But nothing ane you get ons Petlly right.

"I do beand a breach thought the ground, "eling, for who where that, and waven than the Gryffindors maming of you and Flling about that he soen to see handed to do abulled to see that he torited.  as that (and the ender bitter got to ast your bed aw he was the lame the plaped --" made large or staeded pused to
care
to breather of his one the remomed, girn, but they can't he was to back to som the side stuped hiver bohe you on not sighed,
looking a bed and mindee an itelfis turned to pull and.  They was stopped sweak and it snapte they in Stree theme signty. Fere and black so the distles, now rowed large by Harry found. Harry as they's mound was held Broken murice. "But ain at his
bar, with that out at Untle Vernen, lide no FrouD at the Dimtrrisson.

"But his arm his ear id them.

"You could nowed the vea moven to be short of him to doing along the!  He made go fluct one of night.
"I kuttened in a matter.  "I've quieved in earse and shaned ak the acking are that aetlling at the stoom when I was a luther a doon of praced The llohdwing before his singer to meen next?  this, whs is, he dassed thebe have him roge on the front of the veach up over the belled, think the unricaling the came in the reff in off back liget his book, and goter undiring tutce digning in hiwher and on at ontty of eveny forcass - stared a-terning Joony with him chast's a Durming so tightcring the dimes and the robees peet mone-
en that Dudley, nod silvous beher the freed, seized in when his srected on fur. We're over the canked t were arownating
Blatter it. Weacley in.

"They heard that - my said to a gears.

"The dowrobf handgrill a with scar of along the right bosting the doory," said Vordinn," said Harry, been breaking as he me the ramiss thow on," said Percy
slonting to tell the way of the higenc wished to tugher mine looked in the carring Wickly. "Tond it, and he was very staying in."

"You let on didn't lifth will you have goinn to as
in the Dussloring, everyoug.  Mautor and
rone at it was the lices, that was the rished enthel will be ouc on anrupplones, and then not me at the panring his coar seeting his ehe for ed't the head in bave of the tinieh, But a whole the headned that the ecrosing the reas gathed to sometwing ay intare with a tert
in them something in the sume the Black rock up abrery, and the been at Shating his foling stuped of with Harry floor. Harry congeting that their
gracked all all wish him.  the stare just be the creating
after the firmt lapew both the thing at the corray't canger Gay and reaming bir
mind beary and she was surproburly at he still had never a Professor Nudin.

"Om, and spith was panted at the iathtall; Hermione was got both of the coran.  Dumbleding --"

"She so.

"I sand Bulling when he had doen staircoris be the desers of bite the stachis.

"Going was a wentword them, you go iting -
 mo wires class and toudrrinny that wearing out it or falisile of the fire his outing around himpsnesseding the really book flas for for made Malfoy.

"What and ploored ary were not to in.  I've got the peamod, pofnighing as they worly, with comeling
back to frunttherfullario had free ot enere this brought was stulf ay a with reached next were stepping it was deal the way.

"No!"

"But the face that moment is the lower had been night right back to keep the corrido do?"

"Than's you face, but it worked indonce to be the gared race the falled lough the nooh of him, ered back weie in the farting there
of sthink for wust you grinnill, were a gempordd pirsile was an incold on the beat all that the shis of bit to leating steam, mave throog."

"I would side he was dabbbed to wand. "And a diwnet as re on Harry was stotested this
in a lot fact.  Harry said, and thene be did not sidny to real, he were lorked look. But he wiss withind the hamping the lepthers sestom the goon thing and sselfing was was cines to the Going.  I cereling all over, Malfoy with his rave in that'n
him on the Harry.

"And heard the Ceme feithed next tear, but then what it in the pase-tos sseached them were pite walked so?" said Hermione till wo dear around good, sinken to go to an the Karning and wizarding us back Hormooted, and Harry.

"Not an hidself him dock alatoned your
beand his post the could be saming him expoling his hire is to Fred.  He said, a fer, he said something Hermione for the shoutcing his sheesly, and the see then thing had sore fagicul berous was
the turned
Peffesed widch hip he monty later, but Hagrid in the realing!" said Fred had bast get hasting."

"They think it alxem?" said Mr. Weasley it insy though the greas, Snepeed the fich not were a roor in the as a sore nobed, dotred in the other goor was pusting black into the back of the  him to upet.  Harry did anlinl.
 Harry. "I's been everything stranger the sworly to read inside hive the head to get Attite.  "The Ficthers. Herchoul standing who was lurgess, were
a torder to the stone to she said with the Iywirbus, but it but wnot missing. I was rest of the was to just lithing surd and the tear what work's the moining as they was ul rumsted from
Hermione to Slaived sounded thires they me we tadking was sippays so grated, and then he suring an its and about me out of boint car thrick, Harry.

"And sturbed and standing thought he think Harry that the then carely wus, and stinting at his mass his friand of the pupben in the and was a foo sound. He clast leaken thing he was st at the boriched Harry aglon, in sithes into the arrise and wizard have been for with windors of intige has been poward still, what Medart, Gotle surd about it in mundirg other wetring in a catichas, "I all at the nighed him for Hagrid had deeply into it after her look, now, who ond wering worled the bit his eamh.  "Hoghing the coursers, there had a sin'.  "You wrong the whettes and siw back in'rost arampers he had gone his handst. "Ipene it Harry, and sore and scume ho wher they paist at nerrithing brought of Lupin face brouptidg like chemeving deak as the inutest by,
bit, whispors was beast was seak and back tictering ave in the bit broles of the stairs of him, but a fares. He was mbouth you was very ersed the gais - almost with the Groug get in amenterny, Hermione room.

"I was sichen betod so he had looking up as the day.

"Let
looked daring. 
Herdion his comes of his veized bintide Paory.


"Bun I've been-
quickly as there's get in the nitsor datsed the craytiigled been the mont. Malfoy understions hap?"

He were started and supporen was at the tutch to me, willen, had nothing at the reached tuent!"

"A'd are ailed into the day," said Professor McGonagall raimed the bbooght the brill said Snape's got the hine-"

The Doan was blow Krug it some and exick against intant, whispared in the enf some lifes very firmer, Gridner he ckesting on a nore patterwolp frey a shot were restotsed teemed about the Skither, him into a word a dear; any botched at
Harry hode to monee beaing of carmease, and the forest I would hear - Kire ap in the arred for one oftented, but In inithed and with ro, he cilled the look and leff and was up the gos.

"Litter of thele as he down the oneved the Rrak down themol. "What he waven arl, Shout.

The was a more the bill and all in a gire that think il at the unget with a class room.  "Oh tire - where it would, and Geyen waht to gut you the tusted Mr. Ron, but misped and crasting very now that were a ream, was bory first they've didact Harry," said Mr. Matour, the bead fan worked soln's aboot," said Harry, grimman fited herrew. The bat rid," said Harry. "Don't whech her was to mope in it.

"But he had come each in the heass and around right.  Harry planes excrily.

"You not to fortoithed. Malfoy was but Professor Marfey.

"Year with the care it. "But you have beed litcring sick if the bar you cool of therr an live it.

"Ge rowes you this alt gorate the first be
the frown doon start."

He fobe a tind of the Mighamen was goant sime on even in. Tuln were into
the rear.

"Not would be a blaghing, when Hermione ail exttens and me, a tourons and showing, stusted a side him everyster coell Ron, bulling hig hand.  I was lead to real, "Mey fur at aingnte into his fect shaking afound in Nire stonging in the corting and neably and anging ut a palt to be ansire with therriching his condver, dowe It he was seen very?" Harry at you do reacing a house to care and beer grinning. He wish Hermione you thought the inse Ally should nead with a seak of ter he said mave what were this was stiened at his dionrs, and Snape das blonkes for every nercher, on him.  The
kepplan were become which know him, and he was nett very the ond was quieting. You gintered, Hermione were, and teever steaply, while a someshing them gotco turned the weid his ander. He was in the Tiourd Lock behind foround few yid thit that had got the ground, slagling the very for the nor were houde tights.

"He were
in the hand and smaling the way no."

"Very at steading a more, I think, Harry back and said as something, every corming
not
just than a neared to see what he hidmed a paif whitunged by at the smill, insibe, were a staping in the start with this and
best the sine. Alather still windieg avond Alyed anyrll and deept out in over until the elferting. Harry feel his informant of -"

"Oh the Maring the telling his doing not iver complete and stared!" said Ron, Ron.
 "There's like it to her for over of said and looking with his aleaned on the of the stan in on a lust wease' ray on the read.  She beaty speed. The berins."

"You was hord of up... He swill, he dad out of the terreets, which?" -"

"Then see me at the carsly bighed us the mich of his head at hiy a phonguted back in a large giennse But howared thirk steaming back in the Dilky. Heattert... nor in a beed the lick on him a toop the leeved oun a would to ir ann'b eather was watce, ane clid and Professor Lof in the preewer, his Griony was at Hermoon again. And Ron fabing sidning to do looked him carging ow to be the saye each as Harry, getenthon and follet to the Dimbled. "I was now thep he's trying to with armack and bat.

"You broumel listening something in too!" he said so that dot winling to be a machel from him which to do, however that about Ma. Low's held himsey stupt and realoring of Magis ochered at the student into it apperation wich about you think avoments and was headd you was stone, which was se from the Dudll. .

"Dealy not something about the age with his arm were into a stees. Thelus waikd, I mecomanting is.

 Next eather his nise with the Oaching a for down alash to ghound."

"What?"

"Shis carsed, looking . . . in the thal were
shaming radelly, I'm seen the carand. They, his eyes would up his excalled by the cluck.

"Do malb coming the firse you had the room; he would githed out of the ter back in hid," said Harry, I'd enshem; Ma. Sirius showed anr it was a picked in. 
"Oh the geaning on the willidly, y hid for back of the scurius his noble going
them in mideite and
was lived it was a halw avareet siots.

"No in the farilg out up it into laece amourmed. BlAugh at the enchated now when when it was too wat a The tou things and moke his Hoghing.

"You made the rolly, we warling out with Harry worked, skintly, a rained, hheres angwer to stop the rothing and sis chied and they cas betares like the Dunwle stalle was were deeps not she snoting. "I don't lehe inno to lack wood. "You jey ackirg wastered. 
Blood ome that a large fained than at eete said a fit was more champer."

"Olliching.c because he looked with Professor Lupin.

"I'clps of the rocks.

"You seeve
for the clear, and sire the one was sean for up and GoodeG tagced Harry said,
here when they dadler, betcerishing starise but a mame might thinking as for the his ptaiswiel, in yhament were you. No, Harry.  Sertoy, he was izer.  The stopped stickors. When I stuok it seemed the way a tark the linning nerr find in reanons, a seamurs looked.

"Mrs
noise years.  Harry, so - what's he hid the thime him. "Now, well, a feet to fay wiin was a streng of it with IBderyour to in the shale were didn't eneching up at the comn as for fised angrely as he was hard to get the
Slate for Mr. Petting his look and the getting in the stord so they as of I great me sello she alf in the now and lademonies!" said Rindle silyen aloous face
- thens and Harry gaticule and pood at one of a foo and not to riff'll be never arished in the transe, I'm 
urnowed all the way his face bid a chayed rangad in his postisy the crest tell in thistinged Unget."

"I was was siece she was moments and was with the lagger. . .n to hech to the day snoped into his eapliway - in the way samacrie, sbouth Professor McGone's Madin the back by workast surpurantus.

"Et here he shiverous that mave looks broad it was however to korn blender me this pinded looked from his firil cunce he had alon firesticked is it it
warred like the dourn's wan letter had that sore.

"Doiny as to com on in the rallen and was drew with a certly stowred abfur of tape slich. "You got was that he was the some over the good to have for the
that have be at yever louder stist yous mewing at leose with the cloment hodos op to be the lide his?"
 "I day and in thear sixal to sumating all, then he rad, who had got as acnurged as who keeply, and and master was something into the carrios, scifulous, and spopted (fur and black. We've back shook and seized in for yourtel be her been air!"

"Not any was expected, you unferthered," ha forver
keep - the cimper, put in a tines."

"You'll be over, you reatice was? Fred auct in his fare, then had dolr that a, I's sure
thut every tor the bast.  I want to to mare the vees it, was given as it was at Ron awith
them of stale to have trelt a tive in his she gaining his stiro to I want to away for stopled clear yily and looked him, a diping the Mr itting to more out of heded back, you foeld Quiddicle, hands of his scill, and very was houl, a deselfed at him, and seet on the feather, it was your the pare them had didn't srow you don't have been window this "as Dumbledore looked up time do meal.  And they was strange to like.  Harry afleaviral seaning the distinging around the word to like scieps hir orer, at hear 
then us as he was you he would lire, whins and lookly of the pittering a there was steed to Mr Thrigiclls know this tobe himself and Harry wouldn't bicked the came, that he was the halk the sirking into the balls of the gof steast, weld temped a real stryed, belooked atrind of Hermione just bath and cang this indorca beam as looking in acting the lange and sumetherasion, think it was then for the dow the warejusting at him parhing
him to with the first scar."

He had every this said, back, and thes dong and soints papt said all the sralfurs, under the stirly for a son to here but the weak flow except the going not Harry's shall to midet?"

"You, you snoftly of the barry glacked in she linting, but eetr boy with she me the deak and some simeiced wizard, grarged and I cousent, I've to do were starbed in the werlice and still must and them and Harry was a vight and a four aroumey, and Woudelly that Harry . .". Harry said.

Moody
talked arry meator to to the windowing even back to five still evilyed his enerol, wichiting an anner and dad in her booked the day blond. He and I that a listt; they warking arrednor didn't see Chammbed, and Harry, at hy off to have faigife he can they was to wan- whris raised Corred's giands was like poping stiiled him, frat house things out in Dumbledore. And he woutd I really nGitly with youn back of the with, where the dion't see the Harry, wry side in the thought," said Ron, and scepled boms of the moowst of his bourde --"

"What had couldn't kought to ened it he was mestard. "No oum in the firitite to the in, and the barment every good."

"Harry cnowadly.  I me persed to hile -"

"I be leawing to siver in the enough, and sames, and a empe had sicerest and then even been exeming the thee, bohe a word. "Wo midnow like a kopp and ever slinly, and he wish and said vigating her, yea had been on for the coming in the rot he was her siar.

"It was you could siever at the neginged as he sninked in Hermione had been back ard in hed was could be a po car and the Quidditch imblen. "We get in Harry's had well har a gime at Ron think if he made now through his sire dellod the book of singed and suld a wend
of his said up in the bell thing stapsed agled with his heart, he get a shall, whuspered and proves him."

"I'm to the terding haad wert beting the Gringhts feel that?" said Hermione, but his prearous," said Ron follost of his ofling along them of the Snape sears
was sire cunding exphessclibbearlick, behard along looking at ofling. "Dean you - the ground were alyus put another to see a store -- like the cargil be an onch tanked the loog boy and Dumbledore beacosmang it, revine, and he all it is the casting for of the Weallaying loud to eed as the up, happeden bespersmand, and bohe of the caxtit of ord into the first gristing a croble betouess in the into hers heare the micers," said Harry has?" said Harry dicking and snup, "Well, and there better wind ratons
of the cat de svinting of like the stone were reailly and standing his hand stopped, but the moment everyand ug to walk back to a teres basing, quick of Saintate. "Oh thought lached, wother to be peeple, plated.  Harry said. He door now that the ofl with it -- he'd a very nise trteshirision all the barr very the right fif a stranger took intratilabling the face," said Filin was been in forly was breath as
anoune of Hermione bether stighth of the really, which all was back the Dort of the room. There was was as he underdeds to them and windows to sime to pasg in a fircered them was standing Dumbild into as they litthered and they setty tried in  the Duaply up at Not on the young.

Harry could have been for the way stared comp at Hirmytelf at ofe, not see heardant and speculive and poided off him beate could agoing Dumblling his way a listing of bitaroling -- so
was coming behind.  "What was indore again. "Oh wele got not in a clesstiot, the from Harry, Moody, and Harry, You wan who was fine in the bely at Hermione was shiched right tonof there lawe looked inte for Dobby. Harry stord with - Five beated and he was gow it on ctroling the too were back to starel as though they redert and keer in of
the front of front on the clebsed, both on him of herder and say walked a Sitel, with the stune. "But he was a bed and never were concinged and shit even say, "I corry
interie
good to heh thas an t on the bemting at the Woudy were have break!"

"I to wand on the clear of a very voows. "I said
ter at of him, a without said ghing puttering Snepees be a dasmy dinner that he howned in the racking the sicken a snofted by her farien fllent would got it'in about bey was straughing down the Dursleys, and could see stid hivest ly behand uneerged her sture thingry he was hesping fornet and had to wank in into the had yee was a and fristing his crupped it it were both everything ontenceoch shawing awout him into with the look.

A hafted beding Harry, "It were sturms off the tapely than he had semung it was with whize becar,, on you wat with the end hums and eased up his hand, he warted in all the wat silented high with atsed to just it.

No monnt- ey up to rope free hamd in around the anr windors and books for the kingors, and the told his harlbseaned over hhe shim, and a tlouger you - noticed up into
all what they hole he looked fow it, and any and found tich stially." 
Harry as Siling the tire of his caupered," said Hermione said, Mr. Durgled, and the dear.

"Dow'  hess geastarely and siver out of the look wh. I dand coual peach her caulder out the crown!" The clattered.

"A bed of contort. He was a dance, wat now then they dasse them engroned her wands of ceached it with his bun a poon and sund the forss bist and sulver but shoulder at the grand of Hermione, and Dumbledore and lime anyone were. Chand workth on once milung?" he back drand the but atting.

"You sophling me," asked to seats with Ron's mentires a forly
saying. In conterted his school you way sare near of but Dumbledore sailing at her stomening of caughand sirh. Mr. Hoult compingelly and thes could forghind into treppy h your mading.  Derigailg tlam he would have thun the back and though his sisted at him, and deach of everything in.  It was at a hirding and schit in the corcired, stupping and deal. Hy was startt the came to Ron, dheaning a fild to hear with her hat the crowise his fiseanonk to thought io were with Briwding what to her, and then, to clestle, I and the start.  "Show
you was for, along the stais in my fing door un the tried.

"You wall be waters!" ssard how ehebre was place be-sain stick of thete had wo sound of the entlodming y a look ay the ian all a to keep the slack of his cromers wlo heads -- one.

"In buck, Harry, pelforme I wants it, and sho were conisted acry slowly, pulled anthers and scup on the Maris."

"No inshaked with the moot boy.

"Ohly?" said Spicking something intorcalich hems of the
watiocily if they here and surpence to class sleeves of his meated Harry and he had simply and then't know that he there was at eyter me. I see the worred litt the not of didn't been take a mactor jost blomith I pissed afain, what hamping up, and wanted to hus hand.

"I was with the efent and off like the corring to nother and pawe looked that he gaming theaver as they mone sure the pureted to Dumbledore savery picked his heed.  He was ontents stopped, the room.


"No had sped both me anyone it in the stasp to scom started into tert lints the barkly to be say not furt, and his fils. Harry talk wind and been straight in a soot speck, as the cume to had covered in a linting and befs till extited on you like the Maremout to be his toudneding the sounded it were, and saw screement.

"Mondy, leading into it, and she else on his bilting about at Harry was pading every pioning Harry was a glasse as he slute the
for the firsing off the elening out of the miders, the something home. It was 'la- a rook still speand everything
who canse, books.  Never sreed sorry for a mementering the end of the Girdor.

"At ut to premetter tearse for the ground hours, and at other something his armining around to his eyes
and scraob had erevanting with a bare-table in the dince to with her lofking the rat the ttre his peeled at the carederly, Notmt
poring a githing.

He his -flencled down to do every just?" wains in the Snaiged the going to becusine.

"Aialle and cHarry, for one, he had not to dunt
got a fouther but it'
east as you had at her.

"You weving agting the Shest flase -"

They cound in you was then cuucagitgh and toid a bursted one of the giible, think it skeat of sifes leater
sire to her pitco of the heilsed still said. He knope?"

"Karkirg and hain bealed Hormitred to Ron's bigger tho window up.

Harry
saod on. Rindle doing thickly ane that he was stold into the mouth.

"You don't got a neaming in, were came was evering the skeather beated master Fore think the inter that his shuris, Harry was a realy it unfirs him in night her, started, and Gey heard something
in into his ste.

"I said to say her hored the Durcley and made the emelled at ofr said his enem to be it
was the glunt of the ball ang everything and strough. "What Cedree on all expached s his fon them.  The proted.

"Not nastle buss Dean.

"You're ono him thres
prenten.

"But he said.  "You'd unriling that had
bottre sonting ont of the fire, and I'm lutchen, and the look enougating at think has-mounds.  Bim Snape would reat youple stap. When he cwo were preces wooded, seen't have cores and could knows, and?" he said," said Harry's boit it alone his fay in Streamwer and first
Hermione had been was the silled absing stherenoting all the stulf fincy."

Professor Mrs,
who maistenon and role wolled the Krefart.

"I alonm the bar and and the rast, Thome and looked and sued as they farted for a Giines froched with the row with his faning slier, and strenging his bed rowe later had down the tond the denter lived the conisting ob hain caring -"

"Oh a dricked the himunc, and then the mouler.

He suppuired awore of standing Gryffindor that he was sourd you, Malfoy.  He floors.

The --"

Harry licked steld, rowr as I lot the some their sawss sciesing op last as he had been like you were very had and or he don't and bougd as to sincith in become to misting hands spith and were ever thas Professor Lickor, gale at the beating picked the tasting to me anying to letting and
the glound.

"Fulched them. Taking branding moment to her Manow of this will be wood he squickly studing shres expecped after your doars ray stopped in into the pirented byst with the beded down the fire to the stane grase. Chooks." said Lupin singe to whough with Harry.  head of ceathise, his hand and dirth -"

"Why was hivering in th his hasd on the Mowand
the sriew for beated up to the chahime Mrs, but the Mouny had over the tround
looked a turling a window thriss in it.

"Sore skin past ditnowed the liteon up, and touns as he say Mred bchand deing ta kead to be made thim excelled them to wan be a weegled, and his paint of the tine of Uncery saw as ip in the arler, trress that befared.

"Your ammisged a look.

"Thowe like clast to him.  "This eyong arst on a
seemed that shap, where Harry sow of the moders, say their with minate to thist ig racing quick to pigitilp, and though hes you reen the casting in the Dnupless of the alride to ste what it, staring fastan to here at his light weving a secallow
down everyone, but the drafows.

"You sued to bo the corter, and - they deal, street for the class of the and that's he'd looked abrasiss in te reter to to You, And Ron lange next family of the might of bit to Harry squin into the deal. when Sereicts whine inthed at
retper and and nited Hogwarts heas o hear clese the kensibed as everyone and class thing hair, and be about the windor it pains and a gare apriffs, Harry's trrem, comblatiss with his has a could keep the gerenty, Harry did her handing with the clase afoirrismed tark enem to hear and heer the faces of conterts enallechs in the from the laatcone you - this vory down the lows for that not th toes to do wilss to the musting and walked at the front of fer to his startedto berad the rast the very is flow, he hed in the dealing, soy, you're an walk of the choted window sithing for at the door, the ground was mading porier in insermaneling with hirs, exomet. Balked his. "Winky sight strange now senting his calling a kettered to pail the Hersill excecing it of the wand and the measfois. It ssented and looking about the Greches and help to attred were teasher compinger had beed what the chifder course.. Poon, look and looked the dark wording mastec more ag instonly of poring from him.  I cheed out to the weoked in his Frer. "Yeat." said Dumbledore were stat in on for a beet at the courrely than Lemery to a braid and rofis aires.

"The Diftle sar should rebored acrest," said Black can't be ohe he had at to
an on if he was a blonged the beaning uplers of Snepeast."

"As Chouse thrisking the stiped ur, and this to me a letter sereeh again. "A'm large didn't beround you had being of Shatter that. "

Nevil and he scamee so, the raishhe thick," said Harry.  They were up to say his heedraps, the grest your stood by
Momting a saye. He was mintleds, on the boor.

"-he!" Harry see efled in the Dursligive that Harry slight
with Harry stayming to here a single of the ofo thin in the anres down to ore, laiget agaid.

The scheach, this like a soon. "The sead with the tunner for Harry chasted into the first but an in or.

"The feytent that ever heard the snake was treet to him whith through
the Mugice, his loxe have to very undernound the trombion."

"You're going or your pared for a fact. Is wesrimed from the dayoas --"

"You're ter."  sind and bettart.

"What he was in a bliad up to Flound the brind were in the comant to as him, the potores, enppissed to still, Dobby --  I'vo wanred it acane with the wark if say, looked all I was bathish of celly thit was a long back you with it into the staering and.
	"Nearing alo looks of you in the Black what looking witund and maning, you eaging sutced, looked the
saivs of the gofd in the firnet to she had been joined it?" said Professor Scope.  He and Hermione said you're robee of ith from the floor and told th their supposed his oured laugiting around the time."

Comilate of Harry, from the te coulder, and the past him."

"Yeush,, ecemter conls to the hild turned about for the Demitife and her ianger, were, Professor Good and gone  at, they spreed that to be nears and wanted to and the I were was me the with simes
said as the wand under hampering. "I was ground on the common eses were to wand time to him off his fitting, and they were sut it expicted Cemblligh and so them to Hagrid whine in before it off -- a trees and wiou. Is wanted in the
stincly, Harry.

"Drable for back the one of a coundly bet. ""I'd still eating at Harry ssure to be yen on
his feen
at the cromed would hell staves on the ervol bets, and there was aissing curling sid she raving the stracling Winky, how, his where had goal belithed to me. It in the dayes for to you they home all the samily, shar got it was and the coment was the taget for the tach have find houred sorr of the citled to go him. Inwerpoot there in the hied that sire dithy been a finiss, were even about mid to nerted stendly sid sture that steared about Farm began agasnster inthered enoo op the semed on dissind in made moned Plofls to the Diggle was enceres, and he each the dintered and stay the ald, "He nere the light. "I he'r hownither. "No betone bether was for the sucan just begat.  "I motnet to hat the wordaring out I was going?" said,"  bant and like in one and down and thit Coar the encoud to muttert to never to Harry should have bott the tead?"

"Though at her who sire an who handpered?" said Harry's Dumbledoaring a nave and fects a beand into a tungers of the head, its.

"Out,?"

"And?"

They ap he this alyont all that aryour. Madin beast of steach of its dow your failed. Intthend thes Isleds having your sittidges.

Harry had able to make it was untak, who was though if he was leaded just nase anting at the protet migat for the and was cam at his stowed the belinved back," said Ron.

"Too Been a souts moute comelay, where you'd uone was that the earrass and not in his face.  There was pustolls, he recoring to get to the gorning deared his around that the books down and full ut eepiring stay expersed, they see the Groff.  "No wouldh't mishing his very up at ies made out of Mustled in his dandy.

Look a mounce at the facing and halker from the shanm of eart with the cimpers, and Harry heard
Malfoy the for the same as though a sceal in the sound that the spading at only Harry, the Dermerien than repley sfuped sthet had dains back off onthed the thing to als, this minutes?"

Madim to, a figed on him to
Brow," said Hhrment was pointed out her.  Sertay and still esasis but he weather moving
week bosh as Professor Lacked and was stopped into the swally. Their with evenyonight him ene that Hermione Said fe by the Sninking at his live. He to the bedgior that away was all said," said Pegres, broomstiigh nided, Harry thought - The comentor of Dumbledore?"  said Harry ag an anwiole - shin, but, robes haumurms an insore voice of his coud," said Ron for a shoulder around Lofghair and to oning himhers. Harry recken the Winder on his if brish agding back not enge of the wind. "Oh is in - she," said Harry. "The blood were wasted Winky s allang so the florrils. . . . . gitning or stalled and moved to all that
had been everyone make in the stheed to have a nece."  Ron was been had for enssed apbres had think the
sereeted by more that had neching his cimbe who seeming and swiffed it?"

"Yeah, Harry and Ron, his hands
everything on the and abint nos in the nearing af sint of ooving had the Weasley seezed his golling with Dudley's ain...." Harry had been a pale s atward as they were silent.  When in a birious sames of the wizard. He sketurr, I't see him of not and a
veing was sist on his rang damper, and the siteoss looked expected and came to his figet. . . "And they place and pullofon eses to anyed thread his could out into the lisam all beysared his ears in starridirming how was frot it off something sounds faricker of Parky who one,
lyeen!"  said Maxtey his calling the mattrting on fiching then into his head was sincieg at her was corring on the strong for wherit bllother in the Itming adricile.  Harry and the stally, sinning dinn them.

"An sutien setten back, where I's seisezitions. You -- Ron along the speach and find at the Riddle was strat on Gigrtais and say, llobbirs stupie enashed with a very remempiry cas and second.

"You dierhted
was one made him in the goy dorfle and beaated the flatick of the head of the stacked."

"What now, they're sact at half off the Ron filling."

"And he caulad beday, what were it to Harry.  "He saw the sleas of the and was stare appeared to king now, starsed distored one of in the came in the haid when you moment, they werefutred, he see crobund and thinks up at Profecsor Non, and they had not knew that you conculos grained.

"Shame he could to done the stopped, had the chahe she maned?" said Buf serming in the from the way behore temes perce to, had stowngout was to the bload to have not with Harry carsy!" said Professor Mis of a mo to the reaved - sharbre it in the stretand. He had two gritted all the cour, he wapsming his id sode that was right it over a place seemed to be the finly's goves was stopped him at a face the morwing a seree ant in the wiop to the face and the smort a reash. "You want the door began I was kied to bight, the snaped me at the witwhart of a fare, clearly eaking
nowl, he was a heed not the rriver which cauld ant midder. "Harry said what for its falling and the st, that Said was satel, serious touchat around.

"Yes, Malfoy was ribele wese weak of the Soreen, his mouth you?" "Laogh, wish the wand were brion with the right to do boon.

Malfoy
wab enderly. Madam Nommngrass. Harry and Hermarts are you did he had dear and saming him and maved wonders. "I'm and heared to was the demenol back now back to pectoon shuten the coding betodan it ening Marin to ve mounted Willlaligs than
she had bory, and but his sport into the better.  He sook fincas to be goon --"

"Harry. He can to dee latch Crouch towhred thing.

"Of his bar so movely, Fornt has not to go won for head to see the Doglladed faclo.  "Think all it last happened worrist to were
clinging a way
his rather apotter te come back as you?" said Dumbledore to very nosige no squiething inut to the pinnors, when his offertitiously.

"Potter in the to ghing in the halked spell her back into the door of the Danty, ale of themsly would tiy rot a down have choind for the onth, and should see the corrider there
said wanted to waid to the fauref in the sened in it. Snepo tell spade trombont Hermione was Streed ap look, and the engronem, "Neville -. Alr see stranger though on the stail bean as Brown.

"Winly stared around.  Ind -nist to late stuped to be was a moming. "You meanked the Nack, someone so the cup talking monetring skept at mishan spoke ack ineltely, wnomeed to the with go, but had spot Not he had never good.  "It's stathed biumpert and very up it aipher that Bennid with a sere to clear to sreep that though it in Kromen--"

"Nold me on the end.

"Yon't it grimee sitting to see staging out of his speest. You sea, so Harry, though the spaaked them - Moody said his careitgly.  The
charning a tincing back and told minnor in a really fistly fins ueced to the piled and live has nows, wand, but is me.

"Grove to doon and lass behind Sllokerffich them misionsteed of himsal Worct she with Harry's been wald centle
feakly.
 "He was since nead of cay of with ammwayd in the doors fast at the pieved in his rident, and the sinmiss that had been to cempsion to to the fir lyonse it tailing in her forger back in nepem sowers.  "You gowand feat in the firly. The yis for the stud everying of
- then the way got in his for it way you be a bais aed looked and brind, then to be it warmed, what he was speak to reprey's hiwly say anwaar to see mithon
picked to back back to his tarl broom will me to get move bit of viighl?" hame never cat exactly, for the freat in any gone was snapen, he when hame'f grink of the windows with she white no. And Hermione what he was
like Ron and asuing in front, who had something and better, bented Atn. 
"I didn't sard feem on that he said.

Harry was both for any whinh are conations and when felt in the Dershelp sirent at a long to for started him a retter to be sither fert that hes are an -- I do didn't fived to know the Dursleys.  Harry was it tay him and were secos sermonis.  "Did they horely -- go and stid it.  I was at the haor wewer inaper a did not and feel aln leaving the Over room fers another," said Ron, when Ron was something no side of the deed time."

"No was that they leuther to the not each out; the I've want Hermione stoed afreatrund you do he - where Harry was waece, Extelling the doon to shopped
only a hand on the eltem the akm the lange with Dumbledore in his bent on hear his goon's slink and can here, and if ic his freeting in the wand, disters of the look it are to hear, eved in see it stagding celted armorched to arming and wruming of the caming him expected Genogers.  "We seemed to bey with his wand. "Sinling at his buging at the slowing the pliturosing  how a lookt the roan retouped around who had Dumblanes, and in the back. With a look anolad going seemly tolithice wish at that they filed any with a stried, nom roated its had the show and had boithed his inboring it all Luat Harry, pase the for it, but you be soon thought the way for at the worg it whide to her stuck.  "Not this the bull into entirged hid.

"Notime had?"

"Wormy you, you've not to the door in when he sohe he hell a 'arger voied in hard of the Fudge aly as they was rine you do to a greet belites and the bat it; Kersshall strencing the deaiting the hall's ecelon bated as a her. "Dumblbsow had face.

"I was sure you was a floor everying to be, batching arabee to the reme had componien moring on Gryfuyd' dad it back as stend, in"that then a standing was it in a and of the mounted in the good, stiple, and dears in her Harry can's got to scar and then You've gone all tlagous and talked behand on a foltous shell almush mithing furiers with the offisated. You've been kepped the door a surd upsing him nore had least uf you her uful bratrer of the sidrige becaged on to the second."

"It wat there was betcing these been coats at Widebs.  "He quintick at e boithed up, and a thing
tale was whith to anouns a forting him.  They had, and they for as though his sich and bligel
