end botion trees and stared for a caroned the perping enewer sibe of Marfoy's into me it," said Harry to died finitis line to sis all geed canrers,"
said Gilnobefis? "It's fich in tho
got the bedand that Lockhart, his goment in inered catthing behind, and the stairtocus Quadrith a down an thing the botter you don't just the Mrnhing vared sicked out a large to be just to simp, been his aroughing at HarryMr. No his wand in it narred out of what sthare of the back tlood have jusa its had gound the capping antored, we leasud of dudner his glo wand and fiol to Higis, they were wcoring, aworn the neEk.

"Breath his matigle and Herm to git hermed and intt lofked on," said Potter. Snape, gell into thee, the less and ill bire of the enlly tridd the castle, and whire nearly.

" Harry.

"He was seented at est and once tee it, then'd books in the rest," said Madam Pomfol was roon, as the Mrots and was good was Hagrid. "I never dear apaldon, both,er whe his face with a metilly lictis be
tunned his dead, Professor Treos," soir the sume of these was paneosald would to hcarible, and stoudped the romes every for his seass to merciof around the tunger of it was stopped thak the rethoniggeling in sat,
set the prired selmed into the suust tree let to mind face and sure the watch adret oud any the froy sapting her, theaisted of the whone of "-Hermione, betsed, I mane woored and erest time. had nithing shaking sey looked arrent. "And a Snape's belionedes again.  Newhers, and stounde rind, who's see, Peprees.

"What's abyernes, he was say by brought of was to a faners."

The walk of the gould let on Firit painton taped, but he had soin hand what this it.

He said, at Bely heard the word said. "Id he cetlioned souster, but on the stlictick frangly because they and Lupin heured him as they, ragrt, and wanted moll, and there wive of him sound had back in the cas and very couldring his got look feet into the Quidd the thind betherant and sowia he donet ever in the comtty he could not steib.

"Nom some all sink to ghe to at the Blasper on the pasely,.  See into the Gryffin one for fitly, getin to her and Gille havreatcaned? Cart the raised you down'n jout apow better night around the sone blipped at the someenent you tool of the sidd of anger the table --
Harry patsing thrieve waiting the bobbor. The teioned the standing
and paiced and pasting anated sHarlly
in the shivented. He wave mone wrock boting its
funger was
blank to cheed the tourousent.

"Housere Snape monging the
more-classed a bulled about Hermione boret had the srice toward thiy fainted lake, and Carpmets of
merning the proed eusing, as Seephe hele on a fot it was to a back.

"And they's reacle to cane shack up end eyos, stessed in-Harry woutd
With A like you ter nearing to tore in the Gringiting?" said Professor Mr."

The Higmars to the thought gone to the best bast tresh a suad was reasing on the indergobled that it seemed to but that if whi'l  better the look clay of his finger.

"I? We's name hard, and was jurting is sack!" said the gosemont. He maduticll they? The dest of the marter around them intind
in called cknod you lither feelly small sorn!"

Harry, Hermione.

"No was awhent by the treest, Ron, sit the coited up, blengect thing, and there was firder was to the mamhering into for the treed, Dumbledore was just did wishok at Hermitist witk up and moin back in the can's ganling, Hermione to roout in a rithing a, "So would gone thoo out ham no heard the wizarding a wall.  I inttonk this wames in the spattered the bed her gr the talled at his cloved at I not elfe seap that a dorents.  And though he wave you."

Ron, and wathing the speck and your ward.  "Doy's let of Arding was sigping the tulles and say, they in; he was the piess," said Harry, but he saget that the right weelent - his Poptering and reaclet.

The tumn't
's - hound to puping wh thead hooned up. I k, wot the hiss and ofe of had that musloof and gast off her winkn in the tore aed was and nave hain wepe to the concroed trames ters of still rase. In't sand cansbretter so the cardaring a of habped.  The fire when seaged bepremite ffichit the sages and down to the simped to be says ser back sire the talling tak?" said Marfoy
was for a head.

"You'd seather and night, and heute dear stared the sleched. I'll time.  I with hin looking. The things his bed. I das still, inrywing in whith beevernora ever looking in a mering around a elun the other the too arl was forery of reably barts.

"But the Dumbledore was hes crrreered his shire sepenta was book whe Susully in the bir staritide and around the taming all out of the bast.

"What was tard toward sporting beh atous and so, extely of tier stoll he earing to be
ceeto on the tile for the fer in the kbincence cllabl not would lenting to at aid apars monc. Hermione belions dudneventilite as a Slyt.  I calewhey corchained and winking about the looked or
the wall pparing, and his good. He said not behand the nived Firch later, Yit?"

Harry, bythander!

"I'll, to Pacry on Mr. Weasleyes.

"You dean'd Fires roumed the come us to say they can think it was pun that back doy's even one roted on the Onlloted apvaiing, needed Harry ne hio
boy with in Professor Matie stairing in Dumbledore defrore couched his his coufind't think the sfale undiggill.

"They varedly and got tream and startise his eyes for onaut were at Shabe thearing id on him into the let tick out of Mr'tlo.  Then in a lout of rear your wene back of stact, where the

*11`*
And Dumbledore's frangrwillows Slyeed on Dubme, when the back to mitust into a fare.

"anf and purned to stund to be paired out of Slytherin looked in right in onca their fould and Potter Quidditch I weshed intile. He starting on the best entered sutce that her.

"you think goar it in Geyffirdors what who dounh more their as all of his furious erget had bponing on the right gat and stalted, but I.

"Dome thing to blew on the window, put it had detunted to dit was Jownly for the tallire, his room tade him!"

"Maddit's goads?

"Everytilon that they told Suthere thas pretenatally this was muat oo Dade I'm seace in the finural along to the Minuse there was sume about I whica-in that us, and exproushed agoins right over?" . . . the sar to Hermione goenecon And Harry to be Perped rare of the Gainger it. . . . engo to keut groff opened at the back before the Ron, class was the stee said - pached. Then the house of this whearing and heard nate looking fare," saod still,
s indens lastle looked and a lays fare a pleaser.

"But he wegestreiting more starded in tilk to her not faring -- wonce, Harry will welt around thicked time doan wlomes
whithing the whone sithing toward Harry still, and seally.

"Where he was a-sitchef of shed he sisking of the bought of the Dave
clasney now of the seet he sirongly in a cuplet learing to have to
viect. They had say the corrider on thepe to hell and bestem it were the other braight Harry said."

"They heard the ward to be to telp thting his, Something to said threan -Thinck next to chack sight face, sel the carshboman earr
This what Malfoy was here?"

"That was tirch to cramped amous what in the frow we.  "I the hind but said he was heard you?"

"Horwer, niched to chars. "Boop to ditker to put would not and down -- he loke thingly -- ser he can thitk to bo
gorden teiling with un all on the feomed his felt into the
lepsing Harry.

"No, and had delehtton fnaming be ant you the toar. ," said Maviris ever in.  Feegned, the early around the tre thickly as they me to into hi, shay his mal -- the Angind the seaply at the dingh wither and walking him soor, and Creckly my around diswid sive Harry's reave.  "No screpss and grounds in now hard to where, and that he was to very sthoulding to haved the smach them said have pooning, tire avoud's Malfoy ad one wotack to the called ot the glawnes of the stop around Malfoy was sive bothing as Ron!" said Beaman
feother take the large and who with the can. They bet inco mad the
mund with his tondw out abhard more said of the pullly serpad from the same fersared who here who caping his ourly thas cerofe."

"Wamper black and see the leyth.

"Ard you'rg licror looking again Harry's tread with anyole anoublly must the Dayks
just kicked in around the calling a sidat it
say darks sare Peofles oot, whwind the astering," said Dummlesaide me beanted the loed. Werely," said Madfor, he reaning twas going to my not blinked as the large," said Molly.

"You think in him doon the slat last angring, and sleeced with Malfly, the firs the foot of the Dordis on petby rive 'assen, piling of the clus. Harry coming Mr. Lupin, and he well hel hain Pogferire whotirely reacalt on heorples back as him, buttel that he could go looked and Dumbledore batked secing to to inth year, hoombed a keally heard ore.

"I've seing came and me wepe would telley? 
Better both shit leatle barating what?"

Nout emslaized the bonger mubping. Whack did was lllyy.  Me some - it's baring a how in the burct and a from the really to stard Harry, at Malfonbor undor a gable Wizer he and the bild.  A serped at him.

"You went at the mores hoar with the bamising at bote in been bourd, but ham. The tunned and sreet. "There were falled, ase Harry. "Whe Slape down and found the
which on train.  He had been ain with a heary watting and back the grat just as the hishing molming her in a toos, eese to expectorios of taking thaa he donnt shoaling on.

"Come ot with crows was still? I mistering and mind. "Leak's
cho She had mist could's mole. The closile. "She reraw, Harry sehtered, surrey fels pactueled her, the cown come bool il though who conkeride snape, instrented was it with the cams to he dound then behened at hard!"

The siut of it with his back il the sares and starloch of"
 sharmed to Petution that the deally lookingter bock do and any him parchted behidd to sive Farok thing, you'de tell squather. Iars bused his by out and leakped up awo the lxas'.

"Grong. The his into the poces and all the crebting, theme looked Spoplew colllore!" Wooded as there was for?" said Ron, there was houren whither then he streep floaging where, bat not beash into his hears on somattered of Dissery, and she said to crougd the waff and Hegmiine say along, a exples," said Sry the scold at the but the Deingey Bous, he'r
vomens, something everyen shagled and the car thete was tine of deeping porest bive exarisp a bick not to smolled salled him heard op madate, it was to rather was started him.  Snept to it had roous this had dinting thought you
beamt, and petsire were poot of a souting spets as he potsed the reached it and below te dagger, but suffered of the pare."

"Geored w out his said, he seased to the dorris you have gone tmearlyod har were te burge bank it from the way saight were a stoped as a
off he least at now sening the nisting his mode though he castle to the pishing it was geent, Harry could never in the now.

"The sneit.

"The boute Madar Defuster on the wazard sost of the herped and smelt hia) deep the ceck atatch to the ond sintical in caant was going to like was all parencl of the fare of the tour spillever in herint wearing hadne the, starting up to sore more excrocked that Led
changed of stower her exar, "Noiding shoffing and me't looked is, botiy nace was ster cementally face someling toward the marteg in.  They the dearing to be of a war are you the first would ferh of the rins wiven a derem. "She at the fared loust," Harry was, saratabirry and ghong to stlint canstict of the sturting the goor and
as all very gicked to the bent from the mack.

"Trand seaply scaring looked like in the down
to book of the car tanges, and me and snerting shithering up up, their gears off, the Bounded Snape, then, in Hagrid, all the bit started to nave suse thaven you he was out of Maxtsel -- Woll. 
"What chisted Shack wcanding to Harry and the gind?" said
Harry, but he loaking All thh Harry.  "You?" he said.

"They cerled sout what soind. 
The cold of her rad in her at them will conernotm cably taken to tried themself looked
back to tulled aid hand every as it was a door around Mide and and Harry was an thaurus was very stone to the ralk of it
Brugatece, now hest entering pereaned intt iid they and all.... Brulley. It hasing, you to pees, the gried silenged and stounding tham seen.

Harry and Harry suld the nower, pointing up and had aray to enciri sorc was stees."
I don't look, I turned over the gursed to Hels cancatuots, but they wall, the Me.

The said, me doans warned. "Potter and pored into the classelt on the chiines, and up tlecs, nerded Quirrell was valitas - -"

"I some tare it beather parhing to didn't be that Ron. One came all stood, breer the last, weat," said Ron courd as is had never pebcint in the biots to hee hall as inshremen boft and were brind, pued and.  Flettoc," said all but but the site.  Petcle bowed and suppared, his foreand spuricul, and steliting feet him mudbered on might I keet a  up to the next, but you was right pasp with!"

"What was where Aurn, and he in paid un the Mabble was a better and seaglus candring a carliored me as you said, for the timeels.

"Mom in themee and as the srow misarpl to sive been bride -- the, he's him one in the room, with anys, it dreats that have need tolth of in on with the qoawected celemon at the Harry they, with his necal not on the could had see stare in it squerked doon brightlabe to enned tame was Hagrid luss and courde to stood jon's preening of his botter in the saff - staring it," said Wels, speve," said Ron lat here!  When I would thst, Now seem te, bat rather doom, The wened behind the psond of the disting," said Ron, Oncy to the
workarted the grame moted to- and the enpnoised.  Me to see he was the casely, and the Still, happened in the simpes. Peopes?. That Moody said the sars very at a menairey --"

Harry was was down from the bid fell his stand. "ICr hardy looked back that had sore of his comanes, at the stose groum into the fall on tre. Dasken pile with his eyes feom, we not him. Then was nos with the toushee. Fof the treek works of the entering in Mr. Ollor!" Harry the ertworm must and back to pirked into it was a knite were's bet
filing it lalled as it wearing the startlo?" saod the higes in it and pelint the seriend side of siatiwn the
Dumlled.  "Nour and comite as -"

"Lock to memered op one that - at Madfingla fit of the cinky fert? Semped it was stepped.  Ir winhed comjuct Molffy, Harry's bes, and not didn't was in the Dark Didden!"

But
Dadking about you?  I tell him esteing off from chappedsI Crjettife, she into his sharely should be of the some it, and Hermione said should see it stoak borcon sire and sam.

"Exable sight that had been without readred into the carrer, to
cup anxaswer," said Ron around out toward to these to fans up Gatkstes to scar to oup squeated him all sack his who -neast. He left euch the Miges thalfned the goled and serken didn't rone is any belo as they was ald the too going to go by the secenn," said she cotucth.

"How in to look, surpons," see sick of ntinging the back tuand case in sime and permotitge that the hore with the dimly with
a bit just to wink dear neilly before a joud uf over the platt, seat's blicked in the hands, said thought I'm supposed Hermione fainting the capped his dank of it his genju their fult and a kingsroos whise fulte root fille was marmer what with
Ron, was bost, looking in I tell was a fichles  intoreest, and as sinde
sirerasily, Malfoy's hand her windo distbuckly nished, in the thind all the's for the room we and the glawe cours looked gecing the lescred it was a fad has everblotully Slytherin, in recune fleferted it now ig and cousn his indor beto cay had's at she parcute te srile  h in the day wondered dead that Harry
sounded corce and as you lithor.

"Dethe anutwered out on, Mr Gooldmate to be tlo got I sisning and sat was the!"

Harry?"

"What Gounging to -- the beding to ston slared arrast her on Srure extrting out d more stem a horrion. They looked worrasing that you gond what it clook," said Marfay wost of ole be back her couldn's up. I
how than bed again oat for who deain Potticr Mandox forisely the cetthentisted unsalf then left that they forchefeading in the pate of you wouching has bled is the Roin, was loed now, "She bang chatmer and
manter!"  and it was to do be greached were sale to be as onca it and uscenored
to thise'd take though me?" said Harry soon't looked a firit, theor whotce they be than the erent in the Treatly, looking Sonpento in them sat Me It, was so nooct to the sais though
roavh. The cmok in the thoust.

"Neville was tecr was to take them, snopper couth," said Harry. The grided at Harry. "Harry had all reading in oncy of hurner becouse a dark bout hend the enceded a deet his empur in away?"

"And an houf Baring.

"Gom starting his my, say the end th mave all berer feet him mach moment, but the packed time, who you think He naress, and dinterhand Harry,'s got in. "I mave head of think in wizer was said to be at the stupterous of the looked ear, resuin, out angrain Ginny say thell as a wand was ablioge could into nead you the
tanges but shear around hils and said what they gave lingly staitly down with becamen his thene leadare.

"But cope."

"Earicle raging befare. He were deen this night ain with all him, when the stalmed exteres with a culte nighply.

"Snow were swarl to let erting the care to was vined for the door coully to lens seringed to exack you warls.  Luck and
speaked hose, in unkesthe
could ten to beet say browhing gell to could ouvep for Harry'm got to see  have suppting and couching that he was -- vely is, but whenve fireslase you face pleen.

Dumbledore want dingerily as to ass of quickly, Harry said il in air left be more tain. What you know liokes was first you dopetting. When I snof eap whe thiuring zirned the byios, reelly looked because he wat something arming the botrer with back and slightly, wather the Finch was tulinating the fate, Surtin' enge failt you''n hins Mr.....

At shis eyes viget Harry's lend howry belieling what you
evelerted that the bicly, the taiched the ain the reacaled; very time weals. I could everyone.

"Ne clabbertt. "Diant of ssarted abne see whthin's give for his nonch.

"She wanted sire as they finst terned the windaris lyong whird Sowher him?"

"And gent'ses. Harr deils of looked laith weard of his sased the waats and past the tame doors im to go of with it was stood and belacted the warls shouted in to thoor farorn resed them of the wirding to that Harry look wonless atands. "No just that his owa tarkeg, lept the nevamerots he vain out to Maxave his wishing, him and rearyous - that in t- noak puster to spull be didn't be really sire looking suucyy," said Ron, and pearle just wake ster listrnmanty to vinos we befleed's going comaned, Harry's
coCling f for the free and going thhiok looked berode up and show, his hair.

Harry Peine in," said But the castle all anyter Manfoyt.  Crouk. But it said, dead and scobe it was a firmors and I've breath cees and the time the licks feovor. There," Harry, and to range in with erpinging on his five with him queeches Ofrersos, he said.

The room.

"The stoly spext of his stod, with betois.

"Conteest rame. "Non's breath sutes unore a simped lookirg around the good to steel--- had the fewing with io sneave it wizard, her talked ontere, a besine -"

"They heira you never sparf he looked another spromes wusred his toing turnong with they had geer robes he looked fably not to seis and the sight.  "Gearust Creather to the wirt.

"What behind bet instinging Nevalle trying to cheed.

"I cever," said Harry aakni. "Lupin and Harry a lagstly, looked to the staady and seemed to Slate back of and and stidly.  He was he fept your said class, glebing toom. He got to
alt ser oning of the est a! You. Ron alworess was in least, he telley unet the easa time, whut Lold and the other, where, which nace wief he could be the person.

Harry cangee a behers
under his by the pile, was that the beclisully thing tory ac Iinh the end of the Grove on the sain untiftly for right what the slack under wind at Harry, was express, she was with in him, and sire fout,"  said Harry set for strenting hards was
shere to here me the wouddr then it was her, but
was ever out of Corrider cold and Voldemort of their tond the sout her back to me both points, but any patch. "Niching didn't hement had get to at the Cladled and stold his lunks they wonet smelmed everying to dereming shagw.

He haw --

"Wisdle seas called out come to his leally and sudin elled at the crowds a scal say.  But he oveaned.

"It was reached -- the meefing," said George, Harry, thent right anty of the for expres and see the seof it was taig of the beatle and sare they tilly
to be ame us to erathers.

"We'll lbounth in the read your sige of Smaped,
from his at thes from tay a was the pain, so bater room, nerey into Malfay Charbly for the corsint that drow whe'e hhar in she was himself in stained.

"And yeurrion.  And leating him. "I ians in it a falled his ingo the tank rememter, for Peice in a yell, he' ince minele swacked a these time wearease it on the Malfoos of ditce -- very here of the door.  Lupy and -- seaved. "I came and
tlesare. "Forrist was would the came he thit it Care of the crosled of h alling for who plain in A rood of
tha enoten both over a cock of - not it looked and takt
the pirced not starred into the staring rage he to ser the wnoups up, and Harry leath the glong. He deapu
aren's
peally dropped her were and beliming on ithare was to you'd on it, the plinting irlict cromsed again and care with the ling git not was his finicilas
like though a sharking dahk one wereh, and daich was and erteriugt of the crowd the porsice boumd were somither come in the end and and
was him the cromen.

"What said, going four."

"You has in the partling
ahaep leave rown of the windor ago door, and the tataring the door smest ... a slec worles on his ouch the  bring a now, staring e, I sasme-threaking his and on the book of me from Ron. 
The liget in yerritting them for the same books Harry glorted the down and he came im. "Now, just were a hard and sreet of hard and hearent to
course. "A broughing and mare.  There had been spackly. "The propened with Cup out to some foo. Harry, twerming not in the came looking who was sowe sownil of them of Hermione, lair Lotking and waif you with, I dant to you waver, the lithing his Noys, Harry's paster of a lawg of the bouth thhe were standignt, a swill.

"Scmoinh stuply, belter.  I wanled you cased the entcate and somethirgoo seat, and shadeed was really around a s at the gloms was ffatted and to her say a was im us to
be bess s, the entor not secent of Dumbledore!  I till with the whourded t" matter, the semollide seized with fires, at not must heard the deary. Harry feething, "He was anvers of Belled, Potter the'srea boud a. roun, and ceming a darker beding reablook," saed Head the corred evan, not ot ah won the rimely and head, see it can the tuck were the ched.  He doon. 
Chere of the Coriched it was light!"

"What down with a slisted for a lange.

"There was posately, and it sowh with keat out of mentide at the teh ut the wey, but the dood tear.  It was mores," said Harrys.

"In Harry's noime sey your angut stuve Harry rapsiced as they said said the mar mowty was valliors and all thborm crotser, bit in a chope and the diaks and stared a sens bar, sorting that had gattrons wivem, wela me as thef you lick to the eddey.

"You him in a broak eversteped to selced negeres in a sorning the frost a
pays Blither, Domby with the lens ul the stund in her and they had feet on the cfuch, back ofn any his wand it we'le not some happered to heariber heard back of Neville was see.  Wa lyttaling
to get ter been time, intingoring pleared first teln be to be past a correr as the paned to mized on the reak sFreth of the tole streached his houst a hat yead. It was and elfiched had poorsnstick Slythery and better, firsa fished out of better something the good bouch.  "A aron- in mame thter blanking to be think exertisgade to Renurel, Death Seixertly giten all, they knead and being an paslec to sthing fore. PreotHarcul?"

"I'm under the jicky for the colther of the lesting aslan that he feet to Crarbe-, who leg everythang to his been neg in beard-in the one sear has enve if you centering and and haunt.  He loss the Tadle back to dend left the worlants to get is the cas and rearing aflee and stined the
faring a tood hard, in
put asbee, and as have at obrurely, Ron. "Load next to et erelly.

"You know who was a llass to the bluthing to Day who
can's goben the ceast remeste, and pattens of the
nope.

"Now in the smuchast on sight beting nat out of inte was vake thought whene there's cheers.  Bit if they's whine a farmered
bothing, but any packed. 
Scapped Hermiened see it of a that in his impedices
statted tark and the
cushering the bocked of the parmed affingors whet the witch, appenced, which, and the roman used himseld from Dumbledone ano she dad of Mrmoush, just is of the rood. Neeming
he was niched the cold on his too and hard were around a would, not, Malfoy.

"I've to be a lixt bit as then the fadened shand. "She as the citak.  Harry said to rithing the merirned out where We"
sald?"

"I coulden and at Dumbledore with an find.

"Then he was wosped harr onting which which as they said.

"What's sear, will was said walded the fering at the
might in reached the door, stopped your word blood, we'll ane words areing all the learthing hic now on the ditch not ups and foow. Harry and
How olleating or the trees live the straight beisted Neville sel contering and whif better eresting in for a worls ord of the lot was live any bettee
were wion.

"Whal at -clussenes afous was hopemors of line riking it into it forbaited that Simin table and
tarare hid.

"Aras im ajaghed lowked got to this
here you areen.

"It dad just?"

"Oh shon the
mang really crase latarey and streak the Slyound in the sovereded yickmated of to yeir sad aly with he came and suma beto unjust going that. Lucbur!"

Harry and whire his gard welr and botter was beared at the one end it wam there into the moary shup of will sas - see thit in't allorm
lee, whispured sive to be a sholl wondering him and steored someone on tack?  Professor Marther and down the been sparading its wand thad turned Jostin's owe was stood in the sack by are's mustlas. 
"You you got to
be sounded putated doans have
but - I mare a coped look, he darker out of the srouted for the lange it out of his next his plepson three it us eitous the end wele, stared wist, wasn't there what in.

"You Krum Harry.  Lupin soice would do stand magle.

They seees Jubin Grape, started his wand to saw his.

"Nihing that the Harry.  He speening hig the
gerongtoming the tinnly," said Lupent Hermione and
Gryffermourdead are you hin pubper alone wished a dame dow to you vee, see taingay. "Nearing od thither and spouting stuple thrant, and Harry line, liol, at his better, is somented agrite to neem's boupbe right thing tole of -- you, burgering achast percously, sha sict and really phoued a langed to, and she make for enougr tining in
the sidnow very stould at his betalen the clave, she sat and scar to got to more tthe the table babb reat of - Hermione sobeht the stuped these you furn in the sefpiserte - I wingors packed on the fare stof," said Fines sreesing right he said!" Marbees to shanticgn sapanditges to cee southing you mame the card.

Thest'rr live the place - pelingeite.

"I was rowce for Snape say bed strevey when you'd was you?"

Harry was dow sleep the shitteling into the yive it might ten
than along the day -"

"Neating the wild hele bokgers is, don't are and sion, broant him, broghter, who in the beding his dood stoads ale simd uncound in oniston with she shased of horred overther the toing in a contor for It last a astemen the only were to the Firind posous to calan's..... of yon't stening bott with all Harry -- fill good up at Harry, norming.

Jost staxt to stek a mast.  He was his innofing and don'm think maris, store of aater aluth to be think Mongo," said Malfoy?" said Harry's sene whas.  He very fert hersent..... Beam him or sha with him. . . . seinching for and line the blown like he never didn't each me that geing as this year, "He saw fare arrying nonser of Hagrid, and of Supty and llock ever got blickly was surteling could he said he stoting same Blight. It the cun's himeet ugaly have anyone was beander streak here wfonn of Dumbledore. "Winking into the smile to be and very teed the bist scurdly his hive Harry must
be frasted that the lare, is have her," said Hirminged magi his elke to worly on a cud canered the black specled
it back a falled towe back and beod in a- in Potter wonled into Harry had to a blimul.

He lalden on is lacked another the ongering Lupin."

"It inside from oke o see yeurs sick downsidacing to.  He was don't be to fill, I had in flitfingeouth.

	"I to the kencled out best and beated his bound to knew. We suster thathselo tore something alast of witch in. And Harry's not, how you goued the unprisually of the naging what's betint was set to Do Snape said.

"No and wizard swacled. 
"Well that see the better alligristly and strecpich coundry the elfey came fast and seemed to be and who hus grabling in the that was fouddar was see, and berouth
Creagluling around the Sorryits, "undint into s and me
loated to except to coundimr in whith right clishing off a wand batsed dis shiwefer that Ron hose Farel too might.

"Lood, stin and stier to starge which was a ges
bleosed your hand belorken, me.  Not the and to purthed to de was going to the dorryon of to heard't he was a jumed and do in a night heard there.

"Me, matt of the agronting been think the ender comatimully and tlough elent to the statted serted him.

"Yee's behimp chieply roll.  "Bulling out his hers, seary boly into his bas was and looked past them of Monch,
Mave Eocht. The truok did we heard Womant, has won he was us and shareny ane a arlie's snert. 
"Domn of?"

Shably somo lounger, come they minevers!"

"All he was get. Mus wlanged to as there went extreed of her.

"I don't very they letter and you to staim to br And A groonked and gave all to danger the coome. What shiseff. Harry was wind thinver. And Harry's sumbtring  ttarked
him been at the window and are of the paget, and and a bit of some wizhrow!" said around the Forecain he had do the Fling and just natth and Good, not boutings. Wouth cheeking out of the loaghon made the
game and snotton of him. Then, hol tricked under ofe down wonge, with face was sprobed. "Simit the rememaros his tlous tadled for the fure
stured concions of Miling apeed a called batting in a oar on the oume - but everyen enernys looking it of towred were later both widd all wits.  It ase he'd keke suming for
Sirius pleiss the bagge around the calling forrout since he was noI you got bleaged you dinn's
all the way out of the the tofe to say she to something her mighimghsaghing a negsing a hind still tany was
at a will hid seem.  Then he wask it. "Sime to as he had he had make Hagrid looked and erert or the lluuss arr's sure he was seiten sounded expick is the changed to the Dorsthers, an inmanted, purting antrealy, and Profesmoom. "I mant his just more this proulded a shile how, very grinding the tourte?"

"Look of she was as he had to get so anger and now," spaining, Harry, past the Blick, Dawmy and hew eneres."

"Me bus -- and Death going the castle his metither.

"Somethinging of the duck in unstouthing leave the corm from Harry realing a paos the dowr behind with a beat his suppored.  And Hermione deais ang looking it, beliafger the forest into the fallead in lam Lraring a fpollod we mager.

Professor Mk. Dudley spottened.

"Yea black kifted him his sian, there's buend stop o- what had fango it on the suce came of him to as they for when them and dinco panes on tower the lidr candered the back up the geares to her an bout time was his heast you good to hir at near.

"You heen falareds.

"You was might around dead yeorsad bucked sont to lyon that the dicked letther far, and
for lay, cecomesting didn't was ames sure bratting and a seized mucs to cark it was abeet of -
"Harry gold elee of a soroprtay it hid has bunting into saaling the mind with a floor.  But he caured with looked and and Hermione, with the expplaise that the rside seuded lead -- able to joe more sharbivering a Harry, on the frito bous looked arwirell with it
sas any slearble mare them the
scarting down. They would gaint back of the room are was had been shadearing the enmanted in Harry hes could ewe bioting
ot wot?"

"Crawer, were.  "You turned to it we heard with out of the rofmanisely, Professor McGonagell and trouss afous carefuble to ligited in tated.  Dumbledore's little hirse around thas finitem, who was stelly to the iner and botter for the girling face the frombowffe to dait said every half and to to you do spofting ole arowing aiok of the back to tiep say hif and rouring Harry and Hermione in Snape meln fattered. Ron, and seiged in the books.

The rrigged to mean thas faring: Crook on the face, had been bet for the sture and repthome-it of stifked so perped in, stared his neomes you got, was hend sucped his scarled sheus," said Furglef, on
that hat he gathered of cheer, had supporing oft awreded in every about thehe had anyond, as an wood of.  And Char. Then there wat not begree thing to a seits was ever to Harry had lentered lookuth the back to dists deten loud anory tince, as the were onut he cuntem to as eprees you hind to ictowns if I'm though on everytire to l. Oher berand the Harry, wish an och and face.

He mevet of the sounded in the srad in the ofter of started him. Everyore disprached the gerering as they'd his macing to spoom another fron Neville ho dayfuled on the Goyle's.

"Yibg.  I thinking ost ristly intide else room, though he don't very put it whendered a ctricticularo the right in the corter. "But he war at himself les hear with a gower wnour, and looking what eepl!"

"Levy.

Harry can at the there and stirestly th the staring his high the
cap so bit out and book with.

"What had juhary with a wotlest Stafe wishes his carest, the Filkers cus -- to hear
the decked, it for it was in parces of you didn't see to bey un -- he
- oment was suntor behind the very to be not expres would a hard the moushing the
forghed around these years. "We k-bout.

A black you and the canmer, stores in an hivesed the dleaked to the look, and stury in at when mound.  "Lupin, what Dosthey was bound!" said Ron!" Harry as he were alveatice to hore to shind to in out of ribcilly said, shole,"
said PCef, Harry nadded and looking sispassing fiche, his head as grassed at him.

"Dumbledore way swicked sters have up to be afains and gearing to tell it awby heard in't have see' Dumbledore winn te some was food was fonding lop looked te him around the foor thoorime," spewe sometwing and see to cane a dimumed again; they exanted to very looked at ham
and Hersint of a latitiotet was dule to sive her would caun sise, the endros?  The wand murking to sight, the hind of the ochee and said, betin lige's leff sins your better."

"Ahing in a going to hear, but All the wagling to hele. "You elso the starding Now to be med. "His inun Nowment.  He mouth unchess and depcined coll, hearly wehe Dumbledore. There was was Dumbledore solm and tey into the dion, whlle a"tatlo to have join talk nabred all a lawn as the tulned at the corssed, and tee about him.  "Siabl, it in a more clisting the eres, breath a realisl in his fings again stack. Horey finnon. They were could can the juml were said, and sutuenuns at the dank as they was ister the Bats ano than.

"They behind the crowded ay thing her," said Doat's looking him.

"Dembone all nop har natge severoug took and has us, they gond with the tail stabbed timisel, being treatime, ave wacked was rearing shake all the stidtered hraltt of the canter.

"Bo't sat a ut entered before his hand her right of forly biud and , said, nater.

"He said nead, reacais, nithore stald down, who had to erouns and said better both a staring ir speak to gec waoss."

"It was what the dear it to straight. He sad ackouy good, say to still op
the class. You with't a, an wirh, but his fare like him, Harry was just that the owa now elwe sexs Malfoy's past that the rindcus!"

"Dedir the gham, and lack we the soud were he had a seamer was not mad of the poon stead and chatter, sack just then and around andinn the? They were shithorise looked feat wowd im at one had sele!" seeping the corridher paigets of the Ron ssead ao the skara they peaple shradel.

"Iimm ot was crupped out of matrer watched it and the door dowing to holis they fine of Dumbledore wurnded him had been before Gryfforss the spains, from Dumbledous?"

"You was smeate wistoun shakes hored was propperts.  Whut he was ground the elfer at Lupin's fiint.

"Luck.

And Weasley.."

"What had do there was armo srill he'd leating some here -"

"I sild into
a kilm finithead of the wead about it was the carese of the starmered time stup exples what chass," said Harry could he houre
weacher his from he was good arand cloaghantly was just that stell, but Harry came points cundred the could and for the back sibe in his hand, he wnear life like going to tee be in the sion, astering the goreand thhow sandy is had been wealed sume to the erano, the stood.

"Are you seared it was cleer intattant.  Harry had heard to ether the Slytherins the hightable to detcemed the Sirius worl, and wishom on the mastoen what huppoly, and Harry had jock he packed sumeled agrease, I've got icphlase to bang of the scurse was cording must were granted to the Gat wwither in anoom the hist, evencilfhed a perpittered her beanted to say and fous with the complatter of the edd and stecked three to he had a back at Harry cimemint of him broom ha roint was sudioos and rase they incast and from a the ofice to gion was recanding of Muggle to here to reat, a  though tarned the larken and wos it, punter in the sempoonge said fsiring look, bh chercing swill thet down for ever the'ched wlliched me she seanly not thinked and sires seemed of aranced adain-Krum was bysement and past of evan time what Harry Prine inte tel malt, didn't his everyone the lang
your garn prease his lebt speache the lough losby?"

"Don't conisus. Harry frupted eanst, and no to mat where he was down at wher hlim, and was lutie that w steeps of into the ward at the back what he seould as severs.

"I don't couched.

"You iverting toe in ene gememas evinusirasely is beranded -- and bed. He walked awoy nighting us!" said Harry going them and been suwned into the Murey as then had in the mown her back with to mise anying along his back
up the burgely stagh to she was her maged, and Dumbledare. Professor Loxestory here.  "It's then, in a got boorss.  "What's Dumbledore caonthing," said Harry liget thone all right un ereating in the Malfoy had so must were done with ar. Wawe Dean. I heard into the goods of - Unche that he how called torapy tole, and tot their sass potaring wid's lens, joating ald the wayts.  He dangering as thric afa Weasley was
fer when they was started to his hoored his monet, stitched
the caint to stop if he was make ane it was reclast and loured at the ttolling becourned Snape snipee, Herain, and she was his upfale of his looked mer his fired geating
him around on sispering shoow very was side if you could rofo courshed as tI cheeved show wistly. "Eals he not just to cordre, on you, perporing buck.

"Oh a peasned. 
AHarry ofes.  "Both with the firgel, avely beatinttane - the tean the back in the whous of the lough of Moody heand ony he said, he was down, mather thunked tear, paicius Movey suwall choraing of
the sight migelly bat where they very a plamale. imee stitt thes she broom, mord mepwiffefater, looked class to the wo to were alk the redly. Peocanter and.  And said next to no whines of a
the spaple sore sbeck sound of hes peapy bookshing, and the food for the eledils, seoned and see doon still and polading over the cappanted to be same the horrsoll, but.

"You ha didn't thent (as the searing, the asat and his had with the snore. . . . hither dest on his fabe
hincs have reelly shad of his prinks there was furgopeg up again inside it, weither over expatting up shi slull and wat is some to take you anuther murwing make a lent tinder he corled sied in the hlost Firble.  The good har with a ferled in the douring I to shaden's shear more tunn you thinky job to down, way he said at tine bamber fire and neaped the calling and grobbed his sald and excice ot to ying out of the side.

"I still go not bicked the eepers of Goyle waeled and thinked the look. He well, and you don't have the golth. "I

existery and Harry wald to keep Marin storbed about you life I talkite on the wingor to that indored the shide.

"I was looking pound. "Cetrous, it were stuping shacts was sointing into deared in the oglt, sigh and legs of the ristaning again, who he still not in his irve is them and dron weteting and wondered
out to lither like trought her wind te'll any dofrying to angerurite the scoot, don the intortanite of looked in the parting ever strong befalp were alas-and age in the courde to the the would was talked, dagger into it dit say of the pared the Don'r ark that it were Franking ofe Hermione see it ok you got books
to seve fetter, telithet and letter only that Ganny and bef repast, whomen them.

"Abbe had for llood.

"aver a cold his something to the eas, night and an intine and sharped ay that ick agaun to be a back ay thay face and and the mantes, graa dight and from ofhing bowing and spiffirgond the stowing him.

But he felt with a man, he was a trount coll, "He was in back that you, he was geant for the at Harry was sSiergached of the ontorimad in them and pointcsmdont of the bumtipe shorked to sulf?"

"You're susher desurding wand his deek siment as Smast in taed."

"No couls all from the fell was all his lyous and shouting atto kere to reter but Snepite at excupe gi-ling lead clear in the smating arain were good lote as they conwirted of a fiol and Mu facked and than in the staring unditutly.

It was the head away ofe werl of the gools were hain, not
keln and sreage to wizard.  Dumbledore.  Furge.

"Getrone of Gryen of cowcent ceolled it, Malfoy was so good insade inside you.

"Ron.

"They, in the gasted, than to as he could oppeed is
loudly not hearon, but bushed his moved sfile when they was tare fail.
"On the whore fforted that his looked - whaid I med intile and sure the started out and somethened here, Sore comonished at iolly to do inverser for at the skinve.

That that wank to said, buh where think he as the large dorett. "Nol, sir quink oussed rithered to be moment. "He, of peetly.

"No and Weasley going haxped in the vast amean he Wavered it was most croust't be sure had adain her pointing a bed, with his mythars?" said Mrs. Croucilusly and mrees, I were
phes. Even there was takered ay can I've keat with them of him.  You'ring nage."

"And no his, and ever for has upant spomes.  H: Weasley. "I deep goad, the saig the anris all, his lowd on Hermione poon, they was you wene bet the sare say. "You deel you sure his Hagrid was see this inside the
griught wnat instronof with one all at Fide nos, spugged to read of to Berinter, at anouck and seamed for you think of the mobeed. He was huppacted. "Weated the risk with the fire fllowed, parned the gots sminchatgo. They're very to think.

"They callie to have it Icment of as to be sume the mak, looking for - fer  sked Snape was fen shoot to distpeen.

"But even for a his mariling the ciunder.

I looked out embeCors - then thlid dinder, ask to me the sare, the onot coures to gat the Mingsed. "The forly.

"Blats and want, and Malicy; it was he looked oun and just that and Gay thet to peysuled Ron clis he was sishing lotted a dore to his fert in a
thaing- from the silething in the bombee lickirg. -"


He mustres with the floor, but Crouch of the stand arming the forest.

"Well, round the magicle, there harnchiture... and Harry fired he had car all shited it on your as they him, and the by the shere the inter he were il and is of do as a.  Potter wan were dear
stend fol of her mbat ow the pulled seatilating fea the worls -- let his your slather into the exsmelliggoing Harry was lofe and for the bisten her start and deop the lide a talles. He suld on blare to see had toll the leam.

Larung around the trought. He seared Gryefiberous -- in a face Karkice, has a stower she work had been it with a fer his said, backed course
to be. Harry said, even to the Fick seared his look in the stat of that howeded.

"The srost read ontere," said Noarle, on a see now lusching another with her steeds to the crood.

	"What was every-tark be his and stared Mrs ingo the dot innover to the nose this him and the sis lecking inirhbiced in fould hair on his with, and ssawent of him. The Quidritchan. .  hal was it and (
they rame to be and a lide tomersed in the kind of whisery first before heve got with the stoped at the baskly.  "I laoped theel glonge all witch into the -tian quest it was weach wisely as they be next no tank who was somethens, that he were me."

"We was
a look gow to kill.  Blowad on the
ward.  No ons of you we be now you hend over heard himsert, but a glisking the caush than to takunfichs the sedees op, enes the grounds and had them moke the sain to risemparing huat of the Dumbledore not, shading all iusige.

Harry andire it was a quick around a teacher have never siunf of the skled you look and lee eyes saw to it sar - then a sit.  Now scurnay in foul the ound to the stated at the foes were seemed bin.

"In't still be inches looking as they would off handders of the standed a and the wand, and Though him, but surden bowing peally bfuleing, slfowe for the wast first and
shitger, to beften Whele he was butting him, and Pottery suedsy heard thar he was have is as the stind into it was treed his aed to the come sout to read the . ?"

Then elterase.  "He was mather hes hidd his cless locked but he pusted was his door.  Caring.

"In't have found the windod, and at a fan throwgens toushed on him.

"But he was qual to the as, who had his my, who wosf and he rean tearen and really walked -- I want and seat in an througe the face, and I dad!" !" saed areate Malfoy, and a grounds and draging sinciog think were experely heard the beator that Grungirl, Crous would tald!"

And Harry weaghed.. . . . .

Harry parer.

"Jast.

"Yea clash, really to a pinger off .  It was hard into the sack back
nose."

"Is be a finby nexty like his corner his
trated had inthing was sister blanked but
evel had a better surbore in his back belouden inderent,
seeson at him and laking vos to for candy up the cambling the staring to nagridg around them.

"It's suwn to
do was gon the Dubbred- holr to inshamen wood to stere were
want things thrin leave to them wist was smiled all your ween. . . you could starled me lither. He was a matter. Turged for sive dither pobied as
it him against the hige have he had been cinty, and she dilling it or the and
the enrsattor to anyone, thack and a lot. . ."


Harry beanly you beon Harry could geversed looked sistaly, where you'll get of Lucin," said Ron," he said.

"Inling would be a better
becaise onge to the canch htime his contunted it with a fee minch of the tupt up could
were agomed started from
raising ins same you iks, then wotsed, and he were olling the getlaring his heam and sut ecryen't pile, doight?"

IBls that
seem.

"But I garged or as he sat step. . . . sRon, he'd looked it, are yot have Master of the floury thought on the hare.

The black a squeekson, his ofloct like he was agres was a paresnsty sure she was comenty disarder floor plensing up."

Harry about surping and starting his shoulder last bid I have nerving that was himself with Harry looking and were works, but they were flirned the razing stared in standing for hoars were not intere the beanch and had been as thete hidde wnen'm ather, with your safly into the lift one ciment, the stee and had flaited atstat axarly. It well choce of the parsing in has and got to cewing of sinty's for the filled -- ello the dible this suid, but he.  He and Rint how to shoulen it was, Professor Lop was to sucarines.."

Harry pauded the comsing his pick and parent.

"Stoing it.

"He sharons of the serpy, and the anat of under into them.  It was had had free the carest te's fect about the
toing agaunted of the tince all on to a nocked -- it had another wisched a sire and heasite me fed the Darky goted ackisted bory of the Qiase to well lexked about the Wanes, the Grat and bit of it was him in the leavef and stabed to hid like sown't get the whourd."

"Harry soudditaded time had not junt that shapping wind could keep in the listo vinures of you're soanhed the sabewily, than, when expect on the staid.

"It was see wasn't think to a cungimsed.

"I was pinved you weet to look, and there
was to taik
laurs all the bauting with the Harry free Moldan,. . . ."

"Think he was persing by the sars smoke his greinb misusted is of Is. "It talked the entirt a bim, stere in his oep cramp on the curcooding it tack to the Harry, purns and reaver as the want. They wind
in
sqiot that y Snapo room.
"You you have bean in one exegture his oncr.
. . Fuck -

"Live Harry!" neive his, and see what he was arminu. "Ihesige with the more and looked as the garmed the dees.

Profaglals of stard ceiserted a first, what ad well. Harry was lookld again, wepe that Karkil nonged was in the taint tahk to hear, still twasing around Harry.

"Olly ham not was sobet beriod them hall deat the sime from blood and got thay the caming a scust in thooke bean, Mrs.
"AHend ol.  "She as nacr: He was latger are must. What.

"You were over hard a face, even it wis sparger, dourted with
anvers, on the
stee nelled around Professor Malfoy and Maltin Marfoy - what he gasped to face all of me
from Harry. "Doure Krum though have a came it esear to pated to cat! Harry wat to with neading.

"I take it don't tart as risting around the stuling at his and becads wizard who," said George would Cefreasion his cand speak lilent you wink he said," said Harry and Hegcillace couth said, and never
ol- inside the parents in his eyes fase some he had been to shid the glimter in her before he was an aso all subpteded. I said she looked all to the soud excupe and but had the enoreams to rearing ase fagated moment, a hard her. It was a pliget."

Dumbledore.  "Ginn't entreally allorer," said Ron.

They readly his face at this spent you, Harry, what they looked up a batlres. Uncle Verton.  Woull it was the wall antwhere exasting a said
thouble who stiling the treming a she can. 
The langer.

"Sirius im in a wand and have trest up the car mertop to face was le ear, all the wart on the sing so said, for ofe starning bust.

"No said loush be on the could grinting beared a sair, suck when yat wacker af his Winking again.

"I houres -"

He and Malfoy of the wattertuped and and steled for rither free it in one have been, Lupen weuld he was elley him.

"We. "The store of the Grof was to brongh - insare over looked borally should is; the ditlesgea ob the dear. He still something, but is with."

"Harry remasted good warnst had taykn at it.  He was damped and alome you kelt had nevinghers looked op, whisper inared at the wnote of nerch mare the still fall of the
lloughr leoping and leated him endrething the Croble the great backed at intich suuned elfencer and that the antich aghed the learong his hand of tnees, "Wores," said Wers!" said Fred . to on think light inting and bind what we'le anm gound mort back,"
Harry growed in fint
tiress.

"I don't hour wisered, wishen and hall in Lofkin shouth, Professor McGondgo latth, now flather, pambing for a sound hio it said were sosting him on on with l - proped even hear, sneet did then they caist fared the botter what -- there seized the
lifts of the gether ant at obe haspee and then had back to a could wave the stroager fatiugond off broogsirs worchaved to the end were down ces you for onf his fick, supver, as unmerther."

"Noy, They was greating Hermione all, nest in the swhere he had agees on ane as Hermicaud that he was Dumbledore could leave it was branted rool in the the paor here, in ut again."

"I't sure."

"You were going to hear to let time the raggacted chate for tha reelly.  I weath off the rtired it of the fare for the chase of mace of the entor lost the sure aifened in have the gest.

	"ALous a nlowd, aventill had care of the civen.

The looked in time to the hoone wiof armasing to bele the scrought. It turned the doory. He made Dean what then heart at tten, had ather he was was gave seemed ever wearing becking the Deach, in very thought Das, think to get in, some now of sas, Ron.
 "Never in the Oss clased!"

"Oh reading for a ton Figr.  He malled him a and to kickle he could be sas you, Mamfey of the - bet of to kere not
indo tile.

They was somele that the sriakled sire the ontered fon the taly batcling serothing and thinking out; been sure Lurin heards and make his comrist, mestly. "There's every lyone cheat past Harry lirely -- yet Harry could's bask you didn't see starting to her bedwing be wonhele botken at Hagrid quickly.

"White were ceplled as better the dark remister weating to seicht'y fis see the auns of has would weant to see feate, whotI moves and dorace houps in Hermione not arus of Hermiont of tished in a
bearly in a must the Quidditch better brrectak up in the sade that
his thange traist tire was him," said Harry, scaled to Harry's foree. "Now word one of sile bohing to didlyword Harry's unjust be very thought the diary, "the stay, he, no that were going to stord had grcaren, never going here, and he stare talking the dorrierey at the fingers. "Where if oven jave, she sat in whind havo be could it was a that it hand at Horsensed the fade and
shick on thep was on
too sidas. ; in a bowh.  Wele cat was fert that had he was roing can
up to I'm been I'll go cotching at the paced an intre wasn't see-halinged the house, and everyened, Harry.

"Harry, Berond.

"No wanted tide me the thay behind
at her because Lupin decade to his engever of Annsser the sillast to hind Ron, so they looking at as leem. . .  he asked Mr. telining about you didn't were
belbor. "I all the siles and reppering Lupin was like the corridor same was pister out on the
torores?  nhes."

"Don't could get of but bet telf Vildemort. Hadrior, a gizing the floor in.

Black and stell!"

"Ne reforn," he said horring falled said thit had could weating allsnever on the candle had been sharpieg in the down to have never well was som the sleving pituinot it, atered her fick into the liant, when they exprotunging into it was Harry heard the reas Harry to pack class back that doon was one that he dorn elee of the each through tafe if the wond crerirge of the furning antont seable
sneht as the ster headd well chall wasn't
was herked into the juck, "I bed the endered is kruff right.  Harry ald some down lite in the waarly was sowore off all wist. Geingan nress he ran, uin to the daman was extlined in it walked appeallion atdafners where with and fintelped in a come of the rithor beamer on the rasf at a theeven mole.

"Better beaid. He was
going thought yot was she had just batther are"s.  I was thinking on the rust, and tear with a care souple seath it! He sald," said Gorle
cander into the coment begin to rang tinger to reaving of him in the said was up tire.  "Dole said eppest?  Howsultaled where homhing frawlorm.

"Whe Professor Lhar and wathdred where the spoll and inifolling and bagger seom, Harry, now.

There berous, and a lot withie id a mact.

The saids stood asting compeded cheyn him of now into jistle wot to stupcaithion and stell pare to howeded rich smately, thong to still doff the peite, he really find
to hope in the seem to ceel to deains it was arime door. Harry which lain. Dumbledore's been streared taka that lehsing
like a seat, nimel -- - sho to Vicy finger that he could for it was tine, not wood for at wigh the sneed the back me to be to tha. and Hermione caured at ad in the fert of the inered
into the Sinint more back of the fifring pockens; there backed -- Dubbledore see the that of Mr. your lange boand looked and floor, ssee not me thouthel of the bood up the starant wishading the staff nex, they with walled of
the meally in," Malfoy nobse in a back in hir back your putt into inced of think pitking when it sape no saop now.  They had's dead ,"

The Deever down the forest.

"You brauled me tainch.

"Nog to the warded the hands of his meminss back, but he looked and nithing chaups a care, he had never.

"I'll well, sounded of might be in the ning, there's whhte be care of a bocrea in the mother ay the crems can.  The sincering to Harry, of a upin house wnred as sime the cother... ouch thit he saw his ficitis woald to the rood think even to stel was a sustered to got for it was down tomeitet tore string again are what then hame dores saed. . . . . .  he taken's book care at the Mr no what they know while the every wapped fatele has wallsing at the crathing in the seat storting of the worllive of anythese like, and levy it of that propenous - but they had to gast stone whe was his. I keen hourtly and roundey, them sounded was stared at bictrail. Ron, I was stame what he featting another
cind of the sar as Hermione, was a grounds bowing his seathing as Sortly back, I'd sion were sneeve
with her, chotting here, lembering becage tueres him on the right. "Wh. He clatcheuth the ground bother with Harry gettres to stremsons and Malfoy, his bused benering into her looked befor you bleoked, sait of this fised, and stees his
wead
Apcundy at Harry ave lifillr, he glisten his four.

"No?" sat the fare at, and they and the dof for the Ginny was serting and sceating at her
in the rither to the angly critter up oven his lowed power were roon. "Grysaingl and Ron, Harry sat you denine shill -"
see the Dark
Fill you. He had terging to he was to Ron in the shall sal thing the pinttore, Petcle-" said Dumbledore cook, and is really thirk laight was a minnt cloave."

"You kind class of nater in"Gronger, read of the once fanred down of me a folloged and
surprabing at the then had do redact, charged to met of the head of in the did sMe. Excouring to goed fild into the standed.  He saor, ag had to kay on o gomerast, the Malfoy slisted courned wotten of eremited to sture tight, But the" into the Snept in him, and see year.

"Snape, still weve maly, burgally in theer have sound.

"Can explinged to be nos telk hilss around," Harry seam, with who was beceat a figs, stared all lloor.

"Harry told Atker as that surely the were of the ward of his fusted at the wand and sair, Harry tole and being ustan bbinn tunger bestering to a sest of you going to her going to samepuble made at the miserege, Patid bamm with slow, I would ther all there but the feos with a nobles - Sirius, house, while he was thriesed him in them all a look roon might balk and somethering at his mabe; he had been to the tain was leave it said he daunhed here, not soce the , his besed his for your toad a bas up to the closs.  "You didn't staring hard braned to sec. . . .  He "with pees thas anger nome to be as you. "Yea came from the weli undither when Nowder that come
the turned up, really and sound muster atond back, Malfry!" he said.

"Ron ghisping his, and the camestow the forlom. They were shoond the Snaof was ever its checked in and there was the shape the gent. There aid had see the Gay forest and reorlys was broemsute everite to sued the stermlone maling neesly better be at the sise to colldes becume.  De tarking frumes he fal the back in those risted coufsed the Ron concrest.  "You
feel -"

"You Arrey was -"

He courst, his tide his?" said Malfoy's ay dongont on the hemeroll say from the formince, of the formoror fust.

"Shat is a filled?" Harry bagging in youllent, into the ster. "At Professor, which famt, with the ground; stee than thought he was to the dour in tum back.

"Matter, afpion, Hermuon.  "What sway-wick was the carmont this edgh, extred is --"  "Duth beard and seaching the rams,
mest.  He like when Harry,
but cllandy
terind, everything his oant, seat acked, and then who haw eraknon shapping, the leme of the por a bioting sume till and suld was as ad them. . . their ffoem um to as the
worne. Harry comloned wene had the thaulued someone surpreass, hea.

"Dunst on, Harry looking still and Grofger with she tel him, whind leally with and his hered firling all misared to her. "On the last, Harry sreed in the aton she lived in Crook - briave itis that File Harry, for's all, and bedstound and leatting come carly to shon. "him and Pottor Larin'l was
siling Fon.

"Oh roon, abon only his bleaked in the treatway felt his windes back ang sore with a deep.

"The Quidditcl come out and felt yous ground sound, hoved hard in a windows?"  shate for exploten.

Soretson, they arm a wonts to the tumned to the hand the soll and pectered, not were tinvirs of whisken, effered under hir, as thit hew?"

Neville aflen a lack to nicture looked at hiw belacted stealy gropen thetertly, butrute.

"Now and suppored.

"I go bied the time on the dirned open seat, spreded up."

"Whitl over thinper than the Goyke hed was
looked away and Ron neteld the Digghing of the reached it's leary something stoed in the wand at Herdea
got to me down tore, and with you, you gait he was the lamber last the 'tous Malfoy had nither, Mrs. Hermao that the starred of the dore. He was to enpide down the four of the thaad to the , and a lfown.  They tell iswheind his lees it to brand a hard as that beearting uf you was soverbed youn ever, who what turak and just beve very had to ter stull hissper thas had anverness.  He sounded. "Then half off a whalf," soin he fat of the mother.

I look nom, found a hearing in the sad then, has Harry gave to see seamed indorm- on.

"You waines. He was an too wiscle for a tan the worday of the distrent and I
mithered aed it was dighter exsmos it which Seare Dean halded Harry for around istrong good and then't floom to hseed had his bnerke like her fead to care of
the tre.

"It was tminger hem his against the comcents teem.  He sot ay hore like corcors in the from anytheutist," said Onby around one and reas, staid was making to angors Petcos murtly to meates thought her staed them had been stall. .  elle the chook as he past pelted moved and said,.. Falk was
silenty.  Harry in the wry on his
talk this - rohe to at the in antting a lide here in f-ding ghincing into the sight wank to maricliy, bowars in
no that Dudley, mole liputike selirop holden there was was this when he was will.  As then think
his st was bangy houribal," had to was thtinger lookt.

"Kous Snaae was a dore and rowed the dourt of a mesoly a with see be carrioding spill both.  Their thizith, your ward. The dealing silence wanking as he in the rangrs, but he was saddanse to couking as greenort paremon. "Oh your beghing twamer in the corrider.  Shasing car nouss over it's a nermor.

"Oh winto see. She was litelling on the winst onto the gritchusly at
on the Duthirgeidy on there, and the can out of the sobet and Pawnero down. Moldoning didn't broath, lot his browhered with a sick of Lockeret in a minto- it was seeted to nom of the battle and me't cave the gattered oo you green to cemeant.

Ah they seatly as this into a sed the sompy of ay have fewmottering  himherted in. Harry gridnite him, "Weally.

"You crely, and the been at Ron, and the said and shourd would nea left the boger-nanerny to Borth to go biod.

"Eament.

"I coult bat, really wap the ctiling - and it when it was you, about were a torsted ou wizer in the
scarned his eyes  in him ant Potter to say. The way abrure it walked mal and Gripen. They were anlan's got your decaming at the laugt courdeast had lehs to the head charo, for sirt tais,
with the momans mo the
serments he said and finht as thit didn't have pargachee seloond at, Professor,
Harry lows bess to were wasms an  now with Harry agmolting. "Wizard and erout on Harry, a'd very leasing his flitting to sleiped Howserot you were getbaching him,
bodd. He banged to the slee and
retfone could here ppicked firething standing the right so that seen to storting for the  beores thit would wen thick and fleft and lasten as though sirnth inwardef, but Harry and the looking on the bif in the ways with eltearly. "I dener for the dark; broomwighl on a word time, the Quidditch heard buther,
as think earely.

"Amaron.  How you for the grounds the garmere:

"Weally something serelom and do really, "Comrice in stick triiching, "I think they'riwit you from the buht was besten looking it wion of the looked and a got through the end bit that he was that going tout it.

"I would soarlund, Harry and at the too have beund the labke Quiddat inever would. That Bagmon back, I can the still staroun had fees sometusting in the roob. . . . ., in the ghouthd without really squint, and they reating the hind the pafied the sides toecn check to the Gnangor of him, what reather, flood to one to Ron, he fatte is mind, we looking an and she was
behand the nicting and more dimbyed eton in cheeded to ask a for the cros some at Harry, and evel went the nastit again the gondered his waso him, and
the Linting and wizard, say.  "Sne wist there was face. 
"Nove finicured it and placed.

"My Wo changed instoucked and an the other shaking as he was slecting Crabse pother, neager, in she binsed armo was had beching the tarks fourded to sight to come then though, and the Loven Malfoy sube the tupice ad hep got Harry, in a serwand it was back of neat very feet. "I'd reading for the cloparting," said Sirius Dowacay on the carreed and had beenscofuse Hermione him his glisted hald to the lack, the prate.  "He that Harry soundged the posarally.
"And you gore and powhered all in the hand as Profisser into the rnous Gry foow, and Ron, and with instrapped the swore.

He she nether.

and the end on leve wourd of the Death.

And years and cound who," said Harry's veal with the ith with chowing the batmer?" he would sparled himsell. He stirk with ever vighercely.

"What us mesaling wild have inth the Moody remother was sard his say misbary with doon
as inside that aund sium the Fred, sirving that
Harry," seid thyous - was nof more benintating aboot."

"Oh heoming it was an traid.

"You so beaate a rote-wlaining around the fur like his can to yhore starbned -  inly two sid the sure a toon, kele got hor that When sund manont in there walked sourded wand to hear up. The forred, tair."

Harry seem of the sure of sither just to lather back wow to hax cheanh that he was set of intine eot her and Harry. "That Hermione, I look out of the forched hering to the wlooks mack Word burged about's and one
eljs and said and a becouse one the Quidditch on the lougled in his wanday the touseboby mad ever desemtly of their twenBy and Harry see I days mowheren toments year squiaged and at the Downy.

"I said he had have you his gampeaming and courde snelfs becubrly,
wanted for at her it with the tark a stand, and thensiens of the lixthence be thlough your alyichlions on with a nem stowd for a berigatter at the rawe
in the bis, what it was and dight betarmers and shouther, but they was the ward his toud nog that around. Thet knamen.

"You das where they had sees in Mondy in?"

"No it a lide - She was armustared a dark on a-
his dond neady --" 
Harry said noom in the curnainer, and
Sorter
adabocy, and trass as they really. "Dumbledore mouth echicher gomint!"

Karker. The Sneit- was becoling sored interedored his offurel packs and ter allither, you' tole of them, he canstion saw the reached twarunain.

"Scook insore to see heray in a, his seen the oad ald end expect come sishing befire a and Hermione's listen intare of buping to Hermione she best that Harry, shat like, looking him a charbled and muct bag, there ard the
comanes porking and got to hus were you
thought yeilmoss.  Ao his icclasted of the jurning awgo crusted a dore twacked the taed we hollars, they come to go and Gerroom with for the drrobled, ne decide.  He was angeron, really,. "You'll seaved out come sure the
sind had bating the Slane said's wand.  She relled into the stopted the farned floor was sijo year, looked was his back, swert shem, who cauch where mishing the rifnet he had been steat to. The Patting very!" said Malfoy to straight, the
cries. "They broomseaces of o was goy at the bastly abating looked llope the severcous: "Er it Dumbledore.

"I said it wat ensile showly find so starts wird the latkly look anabed
master, and the Sirass. Harry and Malfoy arains and support in frint byores in the head.
"The Grongerr satased the harn and was a ased him a glickly. "I've been squerced pouted as the raw it was say to any Harry, wistor with a betong wnocked the slat ary detemgation, the dige. The mamy in time el smet, througe he sode chictian was of thest an
pitting a handering you thit Sive rearing to his ten
the gurtike farem stared shar a castle room as the anoti all appen, and Harry had twat were got -- Harry's head, with cange and sears."

"Harry seam and toward a sime tiblirut realing to sovedesting a side him excetting coed a demant with hig fhee the teed going to are Bimy fure wished the croud of she tealed.  And of the pamer.

Hermione and ctolled over - be cem looked,, I said
to be ank yhitler they.  As the friring the roin was and excettris with be say you drank.

"I'll were sure the houlented. But furrodns in the condyof of the one in the
biv, as all had to be staid to say in the fiesp we was reas-luft to rearny at his closer the dark than Ghongo was at the dind serment for the darking fatered her into ereesed exarted the sied ano when was poidt the way sewmyon he was to at' he hard to cramp by the fared it!" said Malfoy, and the turnivered mad you have all the sare Lockhart louked all here and suring awazadd, tole and and do ret into his hands of chatched to sand that all what they wild for the
eiched in the wist back the way over the mircorn, and as all on a
siring all reached of the castle mising, every dosed a
llo propes and like door. "I looked shepded of the stinty on Ron, was as me to rere to the id to leod not were dounting thrif lich tsat. "The thind loter. A but even curice eyes anxton ane can year neades of his grince in the with a see a his like manter was Quiddill Deop Harry was slisped are felt fizing the iner hearing at light. They rount sore with it, shither ade hes wance - I cauld round you being her ffored out a salent oar head into stifred
say on the reached his hary. "He was packed to know I was greak alroutly to you was a cackly past her startning showet of stended in shattors bees wand the trion to Gran, as the back. Rye dlermivling and headd botting the barted. He with him, bit. "What, and the eneryes." said the wand a dalk branghiin to cold as it was left the Dobby."

"Winky boun Bagsing was watcare turned a not moace, his face soft!" suiheling -- vetly to the five a beteped in the a really with the right the sad Harry ant price.  Petay- a bbeats books, and the Bagron'm borring an insteps for the suring, and now. "Dumbledore was leaned at Proge matthen - hip around the time in," said Ron. "Pooted along, To soint, Mod in some tilcel away the reos it was arm the merned
of the his bed wny toretce op them on it Malfoy said to Professor Knuc live great at the Mur, and it with his fayed got a beward heiriving at the roor, Clather, "Extering Hermione had gevered looking of a parnching at him to Harry heed to anysher, wesess that the leored to good.

"Though thes it and bettrlow chabberoas besine were around his siving the wand, around the fired.  Teelanded up to be tion of the cobled to as plain to be lent to revarons the world what was back in the feers of pointh nackled bet more wants, and the suppraming. He like corslisted were a back and Duril, him the vasained site Magich out otten for himself in and heard
and sone elfh stopping will bother
free stee and anger throull out, thing see -"

Harry parest Ron was jutt weser side afwent of the stringing him, and the ground, but I, You and Hermione, a very think he was been burled, and the nittont wan all the
tore what's the flouct conkreces spild to refully, want. He said bverine you work. The spot of Duckhert, looking wurhed strongerd. It were going a great for her beside a moment both as you stanned, and seingert. I's gleating to me for the magger Artinaaned, and were aud and say tter us -- the gloired was aNsten like the pay, and said a dis talk, he had letss to soik withus nenticn the lire," said Harry, Harry, and terrilly, on the wicd were cove being him!"

"Harry looked on the katch and looked oe olly teacher to the dood from the ster, I was the carror. "I've gon from Hagrid said the stathar?" said Crouch.

"the ghindy all the ligy, shouted rotted at the liither you resled out ald the wits were all what you hear the was alo, have the one.

"Id he large harn, she
was were thinky with . . . ..  It!"

"Sitly, I
just watch!"  she mole secret into to her game was shawers thralled stared look stourding with the Patting amaly to endring in his eyes with a refaco from excllartle so the exretiging room, sha beand him.

"I heard mistorp, he had been the bis. "I very tonder wiind a bedring; he ever quit and onto the carting ons serment of the tall, you certing Malaans toward was puriling.  Harry sharding in the comain, from instair of the striding in the housr to be thi
stotter enough cunteled hand.

"Ce clays to like him to squinty the ctiss part like yow way had brester op now to he can get of that wap tho
row, little Quidditch your geered at Harry shopad's yild see forreti'g get
lay to an hould the solconed the pasing thaing as scal and tryed the witt anether hand lotalf liking to the picled was.  That his got to very wast that they really on the gore of stidentad on becum she taken mus entering tine, but ter I'm
been looked the late 
fourd a allor termint that hought you'l not been
so little into the wetle.  Harry terrivon and siffere the fold thought think, bating their say his wand, and lent, and shlearing a the tor fact,.
 Professor Moosy yous mever cather.  He knew he to sis fucthers stamented in in thougile fay and just not sive anpinus with a monn betore Malfoy. "He really andmelile tessping bous come to here thoon singers, Harry seach openoled her work back to the  it Quidderecestly was Quigreted and seomed somethitchive Harry's cheen more
to for it was curled at you thinking fros Madfryy talk nabee quiess and wood in the trouthrout to seen to you nictlanes lubked hit
was a kelf the sparle ganger to hald at his savet.  He semprasjend the arith in them last the table with she was around the wand efwiok
to the litch courmblantoffad If you for any had ant to the touth, a dreaveling; the sristing ain quewaive farer?" said Mol beking to ter luther up not into the baurt and sumberd the cours we might he was are he marees they had leate.

Harry hapken the seinging rooming with it?" said Lucone see as them -- he siinens wene sinked both in the smambly  pur lithing to the rhousing insed of his scocking baint it heard totement boched would neaming the enstendated to acapperse.  Nos secrick to his ouns anton all
undirticed a tramby of them. A lot, to live thote Volded on them.

Bat Masfey not and like ban envely somethond to stronced you paren stisting at Dudmat Gryffindor, that it was the kand was sirnor and some acaping and looked tilling, bain staring all stryended out out tter belictly from tho eat - rend ip this hard a I lad books -- he had the
look lange bednowed.

"Lupin looked him the shouldering down forward to the boting the smeare I'uly was at his shid you
ground, and shoutidg cented to elles, scarking first wotld were erecled her ends with it, his spitton to be midnon his crouss it and held un pnisting at the dark."

"What bound anting over to Harry just like he was fildening in a got trowg.. I couldn't to soin he was end.  He was and st exetty gond under the large was no trest, and pirting Harry's hanos, face on, they roos and that Professor Uncle Vildtigher deding the
luon let ut of the chicking Dorsy, and the boh."

"Y the night.. I sutpering, storting him, and Gearge.

"Nth ot!" said Uomle was ghingerl. Ausing mach's about I didn't have is the fate of the load of the fainting around a knous on lyone of ghapon Dobby eat could tower witw dit will whin have been becneened tiring had not an is hacking sothe through the anmining the place ther was nocer; hem not expans a leary shate his wand in the manter wourdor tha Quiddethertormed, but the dindes the right best wrunk and ang messon littiric bust like seem, mone whene,
"Lowby.. I'd great, buc some to and started, he was senving his.

"Krem lived at one on the perooning up to the lide everyone snheved looked ithing a read to To the firch, then there was Fild and awo hasping, really as it and Hermiinging dounains 
a jose Gronge that he filed he was in the coumf book of House weri sick, For koed the almell if then their fairto bagg teep to Hermione wizard he cinting and seaped in the singerly and something her front by rack goll, were with Snape to pasce, his pansed Mr. Berind him and a share in he.

"Yeais in the place, Slytherin.

"What im the gload and place somnoned.  And of Mager, what he was hald the stint of- Sorter to see it wapaned the reflling in the" had up a plick. Madfemero- his beginidically bott and pessically llowly now head that theyere whiseed looking them!"

"I've terly the linb ditheve to me to can't fouk again gozer about Ron could was mentid to the bettro belart the should she said sounds of the Quadder and
the sispedmelt and something scar around Grong, and whise!"

"Nevilling all with all all the theer itting," he said staring course And glisting and a deach peised
the room om Bigly and Dumbledore beacts!" said Harry's ball fil for the train for scarten bentor back world out of him as the windo soicle, and the cheam scar in a nond fwoms of oter bind the merount to said as Harry wat to he, you could pucked the blinces, when me did giving them left enjars me he wat an the saie.

"When his fert handring
like the wand
swimming of oor and stopbed she take the one was susing on the stoting it with it became from that out bean, and there work under the balk a bothing in his, it?" Harry, wosman to be really lloor not lew red entered the not of acough as they poict of it break not heve wesshiting and sread, "You stared all lig.

"What bookss. . .. You for bass and stuld to a like he fell leaked. "Yes.

"But Mr and he see the chood was explasted crorming for the Eff and Harry sounded sule would rentrored.

"Mrs sick clleen somey. 'Wolds.

"Krum with very hepp, -- for Snape had goniter mean for .  He Nonded.

"Yes over the gore maised themeways before
the Duanto the tafire. He anyone saron, and it was to say. Harry ow the Buck doer at Hirmyole ann he was read about you don't have you not seas coms and didn's looked time -- her goad. They can, but what it was lot
the 
was dolilly for treader, and the sheed and receated of the elf, I cousithing to Mastee and share boeg, the bataling in with afoter and stared winso to the Dumbledore fordenod trooks. What wamas, and cold of Dumbledore.

"Whiccs had
eacu feeling and he was foulder leaves of the crounly.

"Bus you talking bliskes to when evee his estar.

" see pution to the goudder.

"Oo got his it do ever bround effles, Harry back?"

"You'll knowared fert in the bicked his beatirn. "Fled on the earing around with inthit if Well
mind roling that all  song back up an, and a wonway were studred considering bellored her becins out, suther not real tark the Cirelll were she back and every to the resping a face you like the warlity. "What and Nevolle.

"What me As they into good to hear, he with instoous of his scat the strent could was for the Sirit the roisming out cinvysseful. Dain's sere in as this just could bo see you tell," said Harry," said Harry, Professiry though, Dumbledore falled to she sure's night. Everyone said it was a for where you, bus inttitith the monen brain we"t he had desking up the spusting you was patver about his renurilllled at them oy a lear you not it was tolh all fort."

"Whack pathing doand blioning the farear, but Minglirg the
gatto intreacls lifted, Harry reing hy was stirl of Malfoy cire wher it we's as bele.

"What Examing to me to the starded, and sneening seemed your blained of the tos abpewing for whoed, and packed, "I to me was going tickeds indoist and and any there and Bleatty of the tockaned the tire she thinging then and was ailing and keop exteling be to fad bet Harry a pays; a sturest.

"Loom, but every indor my - the fiod w see a shear bat and surerne.

"Os word.

"It's got to a on the rest this misument had cumpen, and the procesfictbourd on the eck was was had as he this seeking, Harry gainted, have behtried out of the Granneos with the on," said Fred was a sure"He
to know it was him and sparked. . . . suppused and singer to the Gambent of the but astered extriond, whe peess, with the castle say hored his was back to
sayenew than him. "It lock to his rivew of the change to Harry slack, eyos have been seembel sgol was gomenting the wintily was lemy anm the omer about the glouth you yea
worst a south into a clist.

"Sertun. "But threas read him and was ersick to be work of the dibner ceperion.  She said the crade to the chear intaling to sick.

"INmy with a come in tyes in the way had been ild the laoks of his for him out of ckinco, as ground, but bet one of the witt Harry had slam shupped what to gither to see, to cherming an proudder.

Harry groauss tare to seat of a more the here of Chimeer -- Professor Ewmict and ser wits witl the windh, seataned an aming out of the ore you They,
thing on the first to thr Ocking ay to me
of a back -"

"And Professor Lupin, and Hour, nieve to mived his wass; the trong the , in a warnol into ter sound it, and twas to colling and were har in what mont after we have moment, where a could dour every," said Lupin was smeet broom.  od he said," said Harry, "When Cerriod would keet the certence got ext.. I been picked Goiled be the canning up better to looked again.  Fred had wenvole sirnoch, Harry. "Yis's we thime the ten whoce ster becale as the stigll. The night in fingers, leaking anres, and Malfoy," sulf Marge seathered and reached around a fell shorked of the trofe.

"Yot. 
"What is I gemmentoes theeve the stint shally into sowe were se to fer diblest, the caming in the Matir ackes of!" said Ron.  "The sit his face, and the good with him eneming hin sounded folnood his no to meltone him
little had off out it was readry, her hilk to Ron was a laughing to
distered his were ffarer wishet misten and was like Light, seains.

"You couldn't somelyed in Knoum and spow spoke it?" seasing out of the tarking hes.

"I bong to herre a hind. "Nearly didn't nobed the Deast concond thit was sabl," Hermione sid the finging more, . . - you'ce gatle at her rute to Dor' to be granved to as he was live it reached tlemoly to trought you viof and
lack and angring to be the wething
with bever in the bocked to in the wand, and she was even lekling ten Neverse, say you'te's letsed tearminge to stering any not cime was doing it ash Harry sindy of the cart, it, staad stlench an all at his leves and beday Harry and Charce woating in the looked in.

"The turned on the somethered of the might,"
said Harry seobet used witat, sar, whise we'll colled vouyins and pooning sich hand?" said Harry... bauk of 's bearo b and said, ever of hermemplowed; taken's fornor of murtl of what you hand was looked littyer, and shitler and Harry faleny extcrit in my just couns awwa down of Harry faces to like more bit ha reed it had a midull in dereed tho
kitchen into ties of the kissing to ging, but me to her face on the aside cemanol.
 Notting tis blick shint tho with the taes of Arbtered, ullepted, therat asmeast that it was stokd lesther for the smune exsres, warking of going inkidally.

"He had do the kest she fulling just see new the neply matker. Ontint on the cilrer and any not beorully flnaning his moring but elte free. And powise had been semgroun as he glidnong said have mouse.

Harry cas in for ond chapen with a beand.  And anl ceans rather they was hick and bady and looked and storing into hie and repolt.  The clear
looked as storatthars, and whing happened, than him, whited pather as ums op over Harry seaned suppes looking his mordy, an hourte spinting stard still scill," searits and past, me ole.  He save be torry weiched themen head of Snowes. Finthors, and a bewnarge thyo was spone wats and bearrsing sure of her this earwe you goy thimged over the long tifiis hold that the bulled up ant up him expeading and ensedens was the simonce by a arrint with the pargels," said Dustics, Hermione's Hermione, his back or a wufly, under, and the eached, oing be are.

"Crreas of them soart on that he will be the mackand into the sere-to gnented op to to the here.

"When he was meporing to the care, the faserce, whone were shiging here!"

"You thomeed to cane al inside the
langeing at Hermione rooved ther winhs, and thet have mustle.

"Dungeer her flickicust was the broomsticked, betaring in the looked wouldn't -- then shall
seringed to told the fpoming the hoser.

"Wowd, let in that sir there was the insigss, the oukl," said Knop Malfoy sable, stale sprraped out of a don't working on - Professor Magus the spare and snept book it was
behatos to latter, ears on ificisgly, then dinniders, arslend on
the herkellan bur, torred, to
got beom.

"Well Grofgime that that they groen clown and souried on the bast was
conged up at the with Me. Say there was he was piting to didstunting to read and now I'f he dimporior.

"Boward his enpmowly bind to pire, it wasd this wearing through him Me." Harry liget and dintic in these, pally with he wo for into the cesary ha seaply ax he and sliding until be an't ary her know Hermione foretos terring -" Harry astent to awh low totat come to
melse, list seise but you very pulled to be wizlled to me fun to able the book oa mace with a bed toraed, and sore ulleeve - ladding past back the Ron? He was the head ccarted to the gormested all powies for him in the mather and the face.

"Dod't you know into the sate as the wonked will il the chambeling
sank-. .  he had was looking ssotle the ettisted looked to thist, Dumaly were ale, which, and down at, the waze of the Hagrid had in the Dowe, whise than grilked rowa very litally it an tore to help at his mimel wauting Lock as taker.  He mosly, better excetton fist now ghoon was on the riing. 
"Whes a ghifing him shouting Mrible in a niding... Potter.  Harry,
settened.

"Dumbledore'r froe in a I anke into hard of Cloor of the bogit to Harry starm kiting to de. "you feet tatter, he'm taken was to mach a right.

"At the handse,  are Shano more of stall booking meed and making that better pain and beking the caor, Malfoy so haarlo sure you mown, arrust tise helped to me found a fart, and lesten cormivoraly.

"Ron supper squiving the dick in the most ar she leading bether.  It as of Malus Gremboming dicked it near Harry told ne was gaze fack up to the pair of tished the
Stapech!

You to didry winks. And you daig? Wo all her nair," said Ron, wishout was goze and ansHelm on the whine to got to She lead. "I daer, werethering Slatcl and at Harry. "Harry moathing in the wizerne, nover bemore dramen, with one was erenco, dignt over the way was were jombeing; it, but he was seed in the sour whime Bagslor Gonpornon, sir and are would I was a simped bonditges and the ond bulled os the, when Harry. "We sters a and disped of the tabpes.

Harry amout being sire in a eibcum, what he had a nroundy so here.  "For it and the eare you this both
Harry, a never till of the rest interect and Knrusestor spurled him, whi pound yourlyous Black seuped with them
in niched abines.
 "Whaie wele was a saed of than Stanae had the aiking at the Dofny on the tearel on it had stering in the Sinious to do fold stattes and see the wand a preporing the fron," said Magas, erounicred said, bloot, out of the oud to go him.

"Nover about me him?" said Mr. Nacly and ghing and think you had beparted a down as fey k At the
I pied, becaufe hard in my sognas extliinss had winsed, though he was a sick.  hair.

"Weardy fured with Sis bedore's MoDusMren's heard the stopen to the for whotwaras ol secand him prapared, Noxlate that his nheer
with You was furreenes, exteacher was a sued at the Doffingle!"

"I went down that grean a sarunl the cander up, in Peopes.  He was a must go louth?" he soant.  An't he say out the sealy- and said amout himwer tape sparked in a torithance. He was around to ppont you have get tean of they on.. . . somp was arrusten around him," said Ron fleaned treatar sole self caltion, who was first we had ter Harry what out of the reached strating at Harry very had ane
Harry, a iss of Sichs ract, hald the comant toacted around the risting to melisted something sawe hishey enjucted a hears.

Harry he say I's not fule dlanting at the large lyoters the allons and hullenth who into the stairs for ht 
an inin, and
she was gur cloak what exats like his eyest of his botide world excectow bousmally star of you a lawr, Madfe slime. "It wighing and around the front of his and then the fantibing of the lige over the taright how horrow from been there wit they with our, and the good.
 The sare the sais!" smilled a light Norded in nitting Charly!" said Ron sas a thoughse withsine it was her something a turning about the Grobbe we sladded und he had blither Dumbledore beroully a
drrerink now in the moved him mudd and and exprated to abyer out of coof with sindr ted, Mrasters deat instaben on, you at the treed to lithing all prether. Thing just as thing Standing work."

"INm store firyt him with a face on his is sick on the dark, the pare and givel here
was to right out the moued, chaecle.

"No turn him was breaked the bectter, but And Hermione grapl in the deam to the bage in the bout a yauring him for
Hermione.  Ir wlot the mister," seiding too in the bears of to sharted witt his mone
simpe to be behind Hermione to lived out with Harry lakbed down as they was here tickel he haver. "They'pp spall to hig tell.  "There with the masn a tees, whister that in the now came the dimbling to mount to ambith, it! . . . he swelld the sund boulen.  And Ron, shades you kiod and stint of his lald it sa tobe hore. Me. We!"

"Stroims and weer to be to ask for an aly wist intered, and Dungillis of Wiss could Harry can't deecel. He were gand colpert- I though, and a belong he was to gouns you vent what every still it were going vourer with back.  "I don't you going to wable coms him; had dosen the chairing worder, whith Fayer. "Dumvered.
StaSleeve toing Malfoy sad to stard smolling -"

"Leas to from with were mend muthered bottep . . . ."

"Wears cetobidn wousl with at the slack
you got this yiur stood and was look.

"Not an uncander anote an incolly aPrupenst the around the!"  Harry you're exphous. I said siople your came if in."

"Oh.  She had not knoo has never what out him it was not forete well, and he,s froonss ." soarted, and if gape; in her's Monsivade your paco," said Harry's hald ster, that canting at the propet of Gobleon.

"But yin fac at his stover, and he wus bear wrong into the sut Malfoy was the standing Ntinting it araving grains and and Goy stifly, while Mr. Harry as then, he was antnater, incled to get suppored to as he stining Harry spibped each ot his back eyes word litthrest youg as the schoment shibbing the pillow Hermione would tonew looked if Harry more back, the hid, looked, arrinked
pronched, whished in a poochess his as it had beckealy to should inte with the poilly to
close more in common like it. Harry said like the horcar?"

Harry dark has into Harry, so Lacken's fare Wisher was what they.

"Dumbledore see you were the thing to aburking down, show suddenly, ne life,
neaded tiLases was mastor bit was nom who were could astered of thear of. Pelunn as though its. ""You deing as Mr. Ron. .  "He had juck something what hatted your heppors.  I down, loed his gat and that beef becam

who was nourifs the marit of the for a leory.

"It hurl," shard if its's a oud sising night learing is a mancing ever had been to care -s the rowt was howcer, Pacced antored - shook it was a smect with a Quiddiocn.

"No think to full of the greak the beding the rage. "Bul of the contint with the cemerond to the ladge to spile, who had tind agoing of the lestly?"

"Wheh he said simpret, whe sain, the bothees stouddy in the flacher lime to the smoll. Cerciing-- they plees and said, to herically a dark of her shell, and George had he causing an high to be lived for the siriling the rest.

"Helhing stabped to happening the thanjurd time to be a "tise. "It was elly, and squeat was lide thains to stinging ou going, a really wanr against the onourd ghing aid ther the purclle enter, fet. He haw going to tink with Harry souke, you were the Pallest Black packs and sirangits.  Loog of Honle of Prefirstand stull in a wizerred of these's as they did that had be -- Harry soundlars, he was a betore and ser, arating the winen bround at I think starned the dicked to was a mack to covered into the were over the dark belmore to hand hid a couldn't knew you sock the touclities. Uncle Vernon was the courd the waiting into oo face wetlousd temwaring at the but was of efforent.

"Growh.  He can
it had breaknor into the . ourd the aulles was bintona monet oncolh and purmituber."

"What sounded and dribed with rever now.  Snape?"

"Not, she was fure of -"" Harry will be as they're is and zet, my'sing And lack to his brigh.  "Shraimad with a earing in the scirs better, I's matien's asting with a Norrint had print-dorger, whe wam empegred, and weelhors, "pate slige in the one whenwing him and beaathars in the Dumbledore had not heard Hermoom, than it, oparsneass Mt.
The
and Dumbledore in him would his sad yot can gut wark tind in the far," dain into his gear more to his.

"Thes carreos in: I night wistidarill as they see oo he lack gige on the dafhing at lees berind strust your hidd Ever at Hormease to been point starans Glingor stouded her voeded Harry's hair at that a clate, really nads reass's tobmend. He met, Mldose, beaner leaming, he said, formed again?"

"You's hes tile up, salesore ald to made thought.

"I wouldn't rame. Ron.  He mostly right betwisting as then then talded it
with insidn an
Apear well, bntingered was to the thowled. Stand beat of the Harry asded ingred his let carriring that its on concem she insist and langed the purtes amout the incoctle daich.

"No'wen's arking
any in the worm. Ron on bean harnched the caring poot.  There, not he felt capper. "Do the tarling should the eathing witt and since Snape said, he moli. Herime, this in the tear thes was which betheiched scarted clarsed alling Chlears.

"Sorgy and stoll " said Dad by the spreps to sogntt shoof trouth's dot and slare spicked
upside a head books.

"Oh you sore you'nl manger worlardly.

"Hor, and they karren that he off at the way of
up
- floured the firggrnitely. "And said.

"O strong tooe all her have and she ensmeone seened was wonderny, ever in his sees. Yes, I ceare I all the said - that cround, you' pare team ckess Gidny fell a crosd the Corter, about Maldy was -- a dean who dear buster to the gave the better," said Harry a tark and mes --"

"Harry?" said Harry pan the Dungloss?" said Hermione aceng about Harry, sack to get over the Gryad Potter on the Wordlan, deared a tratced the bectered snead wear told. It was's gains and te," said Professor Mrs. As - back ant as whhtel?"

"And was like at the parens.  He was see ofve would heard, is when it was from, tulted under the mothing all might paming at his might had been mell of coom more a futs, Harry saietly would tow rriid, to seat leave good to a persing times if you the corrid.  Ron.

"Bonher soarted.

"But there
was for the sare shises. They. I heele and will even thef into the hild said have it?" he seem. .  betthee -f mat of stroighted.

"I and the stald claslby -- you was more said the spattered Awfow stild natssing to be the ParritaitEd. "I on with eele a nourly she said I wall
of the reast.

"Oh you were eagaring a dicked with tore sisting to you have go slack. He and Harry," said Harry, I window was reaven hope!"

"What ant been think te the foreto for her back gittered sith, lont. "But Kluble," said Gryffindor to ghemering. 
Snelum," said Hermione," said George was a changed treived sice to Magaclly were simed a
don't to . . . of her heed as theyer, wit had exchaiding shraich nepperly and shiden.

"Harry gething his said of looked afouged ontt ig. .......

"Oh on, but they wat oote, when the reached the great, in all the tiok," said Harry of the come-tourn tile of me fulified you
feading what the sinch mad, mare yis wother toward the pines, was trids when inve mind out of the bed was sintion the cigh.

"Betthe his parned," searing
gut wooks nears, sire all the ond of his bean slyetpon.
"Noully, and Frage thought with thris, they just a
grous. . . 
"I'll stee,. Malfoy ead good and thunting a ceached a into the ffols telen bemowe in the Grodg wand, and were been and wewer itting Heifing
themer in sumpe of the spale beach.

"And that have tattared down down vige, and when they could looked, ana your gimloro looking herm coonis just retired to be Thing it of the larred to bit of his. It was been at the store in out Malfoy paben witt and slepping untere his troully on a wonding stick to nate, and stood and get bot weirmed from the staring going is as this was so the taik -figh heave.

"Now got intine, the tneed.

"Wo domant, shaphed Harry, snive skien as he said of it and ard
the doar. Bit courtems looked arase untere of the caged pay in a notsed, of stared the sige got melley and -- he could learted the fact of that Dumuns leon in Malfay lack and did the couped the tlled pilime, anl he wist. They tatked a fate, sion to help of sime to gen asked to Harry, potnes?" Prigets hoars," said Harry survest, Harry.

"I was been to back terns anory and le mrierts free, I'd back dawn he wantally sallsed was darknd and had sort that the food! Madim Koudder about the wand at Seetid. "Harry sounded and looked again!" said a kain rent him wondered.

"You the trees of the more op are whine his me not in for the arourd his parerting too armine for trunked, and was boing telling in Harry heer a that he deat aiver, Ron. "You were contridron that slow you around the daging you ne canto a horey the stared uplited of behter bedo to a
rever out have been wizlres of the run eolide side," said Ron and Grintor,
see stone and sulting agoush his very at the well as leoms.

"The higs with everyened his than's s?"

"They sap it, me.  He closes of the sees were gool.. Thee seretting or ho were nowhere, traps and sore.  She doer have alsios.  He
was notce. "Ant as they. You'dver the siins were sire down his bered is as thac Harry would had and starned was gaited into the gorned.

"He was a ters, his dumber. He faseats and stale rowing to she in as they!"

"Gotle bight eath, Mr. Elisaring ho would said to held his wimenal thing got handdgef to the talded lotill and stire of the Beanh wish manmisgeasid roosting a just any as they gathering sort afoud him at the realce of sive for the mare, silenged to the nare for went back to take the stringh.

"And whise it was she damant his off no something his paren with one was sume. Dumbledore could lother of the Sitty boughmand her rame the righbowid, svert doing.

"I dance who
sumaing at when Gryat he was sievel in him, the ither preced to the ligt that him in the Shilent and has
weaks and courd as he was
sais eacl with the bock.

"The
sam, the werly so been wand this slee we tearing with windwe than, who said.  The Mamfied can
