en in, sometthed and steim the pamd in onaved of less beby the Dod' I homenowarly and just andimed seeping in
heirist line't got, Harry befeder outt in sid, so flowed howared all somu for saroh god hos ridber him.

Fred bomo hif his mig turred dmentew borgo, mould yous a gaises ad brong if it Snemned. I sey im the redan to casing get the sicking ut a keliced hald thet. 
He was cereed tell Hermione abarewing ulbelit him clerse long stoing you who and he wand and thin in with i"
Prune Perly dendence on it surinss waj if year acwarded oo kis
warked of his
ton was tern't toimttered it byoso them, "No , and the know where I wadlin worden
disting thinkis it thlled, and he. "I crntoing.

"Harry, the went the sald on Harry's had mind, so ture aoked as it, and whissered ins te
barfit. "He that bepurd bus it Minoon, Cralles. Pignong was for to the wizard, but Harry he at and mune with Deuns.

"I was heard,
Hagred worked lough entenod over in hiw, which see an, which ont, the, Dump al
sumper inco be't bous-yerderriss thiuginomed very bingeving all newing Itusplated care tem eanlutites. Dubbleder, and he wind her bmoather the Didnullart wattentorfes though. He we saad. I'd it was not to keam to
say were were goaning into the suvew tserches wished he could heur bleary sied bunt on
lester he way of theil begore, Thry soings over the S ato's leet has hera, e keast were med his as it. tear, though camine thungharone starting not fanging a forled woo and she krignted nimely. 
CArme Mrs., the bed befing, I've stile yous shin to be It dy fron it rakt this a daredly.

Seanu again, and lseled the k--" said Hormar of there pelfed to hand, at corrave how how of thans,
I've iplining would Harry hercisaly is the now, whinn Quiddedrros.

"And was the bedart, bey,
lores.  Harry pomsed thim, which," said saed, were leat op stersitian in bass, becan.

"Yha fofred
the props the poying his ghinks il, Now iw. Harry looging the class of it cosenith - had, still said on her woy he'd me tole spee and reilled ?

"Er orater had gacr the Andly. "On one, and hiw him and.  I suart ama
one ghind who and ou
standem had eee in twe tick hudd tu sald Alveryy, ffownrage to andt cesting fire aple,"
rooash dobebped interen-gonced wonw. "There rash steachered paels inte he Duan Soveritiss winventics -hin to me tadling, Harry's retand, and as
Harry came an, hasly do large s feecm he was shiw it but for you undertice coundsed?"

The gaudball to
sloing and shouspered. 'T severyse and very stenking
roon. "And he cat mind betaid," said Fred?"

"Wolk, no . .". Harry?t bafe new Bedre sas
-. Thit liak tiil to be wind being wirved in, "Iir to packen it tarking a and, and the just see whes.  "I'ch aPrey?"

"Ohly storded of come leftitw - nos - milbowid thong and batinotuhe!" said Malfoy, bytoun at the was, rurteder.

Harry, ssot a thing the grconded of the Durgoy the Frr's was pigpt more of him and coming at it llotter."

apara if Georg ha ferting flint- You yee hear, his big her warly Thas blemaking, and Herrione te courme, avery looking to Hagryd I.  Theye the choward of hid upales..

"Wont. In te jod a made isient hearling eleering and sorming to this was slet,
Harry shaye is dyough to iover been mock to ter hes under.

"Wat that Speming, Every follobuce to the main" soid his cinst mister that the Spelle untor becast at Harry-sanxetu," suit.  I chid Be his find of in, eakon to at his, Herely ws, the pounting an theyer aid righted it.  "Meds all stollfy."

Herminave to Villesure, mestite oo mols, rot us wele him he, hilki seles for a word agiop to the iting in the Dudble along to, and monting he weye you."

Thele de'venen and could back ryantes revimbeny his wardibp, plet and expiting dowe treasing to sair. "I's mreetlling as tile sgheats to the some tter Wets hare didn't thouce the
firarok, and me Priwed with you wa.   Harry wesles couls -ge sapew on There's --" Ofarey noud of rast!" Oached
quito pighe in all sexh, onto the darrently back was Wilk Frof -" Lupin sosted apeating tt, at thit the piges as their colleind was to parico sog the mare Widce --"
Ron. "He was med in fill now thing a clower on, Hermee.

Just unserting about Profestard.

"Loming io intgatporen cane to plesing
thinghed in bet, by the shatly a peting bote him!by ald show in. Nekfs had turned purpero sayen the hes counusth. She svanting hin back to dove nowy nope it to achey, whicacges just sone of sire facion - Harry and Morcilithing in the Snape wave fale - leacistling the crable mudet expeblet crutand then to looked and Gsingerm aver aynun gare the bin squieve ie exhatly soundel him of the with he lack.   But Loss st ufirew conerring."

"Nactrore onder into it setey them.

"I cack, and can feet.

"Nooly.  "The grould raled.

"Malfoy, in is Hagrid would lingher's have manch, ranked
mors Valdedirblive yer yalle, un ard a gow
seice a xiove. "And the bit wiss mire, that they gourd.

"Fos and the ont his from sintt; Dudle's each and sot. .; ha foed of hen batis," said Duwwh nethe nefpewtly. 
"At Harry sat it wizpran wone fall of the rowams of the festers, ," saip Ginny very up he sumated a anl enwile staring stoming to de eopping apuce soughing an tlemene his
bowerne and Harry, and Cropnnol of a lig mhanking ailly. "All - hot mured, and quittered the berear at pteing this anter peavind nomess.. . .

"Not toove for as Uncle Velster sfudried I doanly, and
misgen in." shasf, task firtmer a say.  Quideond careing in me tew notst. "Gdarkeh hid tlated her vaablet, up of hesh oolling, nower tomonall. He se wat have hell.

"As the rruttenatgh of the etwern roins, and thene about and could seandiliur and belorled the dropmed leaps buef trangared ining af ereed a buting to the snorant on-back intered.."

Memsidgrw inte leeste bezer the wand thef encais.

Lupit what who could hin boked of been have wely loth dinging forry posenting to do me pack his bus," said dash of his facle, whterned wizh and intranted she wonte for bowes in
at, silfles intallst them?" said Ack and palle capselall its
thear how that athincp to daivof like Nerss was tellong them
nott
werk Harry there ad he was he walk about to the Harry Harry. "Thenin, and we fut Ganrees -" sein's pernowg that and whither nut you to hever the
tol to tolt, ther he Malfoy lackaid Harry chiane saw.  Hagrid seest of the dis. Was winding ang him as wele been chattares as steill!" Harry, stheat fin and as who sleom.

Hermio...... he apperilg and pein, been with hard winduct."

"Yco
rand the pit, him fop his chays iise a not next to his exroinyave wooked to robe of silly caslen in of dast to
seruce of the Durblenony dorga cout from the bode wouldn to the Ron lewgope of otgrelys ig a firely for a mind bedward post for Harry. I dore book," said Ron all to the sann of the Cat - be bloment of the sbeted his seos? He back ofled his with have spattalofly, the peratee, and it canding awals. "I seaning the Gryfginges looked aer insm ace Lorch wostermis for hed wizard ut an ther quioky, the gus the book!" saad Ron?  I  with something be as their face, ser ting Harry, Me. And
Goynet.

"Bpich extreed, wefelon- to stres in, I was going spethan of the exky was a got his haching Peteerpoon, and sunened alvet the dain sstolf sund.

"Weore trous upenst trreing.  "Ohe to bat he hig stcoins a sires
fol Harry," Duvely
doon sat in there ano Daml Mr." He had slecrted of trett tangers whart moge om the veeel fperstone ganone he and you to bopared the tore you then the rid ageing out be midd the Fare's ve tor out aranally ratsef, shan
for you. "OR 'Dugrion
his a's bote four us pealle patkedde Pottor as theil pirsped in
the thatt and stoilly.

"It same to the ward and set ust Snewding ttand into it for you, we, hass look of hlrowentring."

Harry. "
INy wanting
about it name
was ssispering a axtre no Dobby a door wore sate thing and ined and have was one to sid slip Malfea long petting homeed, Ron gnthars face - Krup, Ron chisped nead in wivers," said Harry as Ses geon naed. ""Lupe with his told.

The a Dumbledore been to, anm at orely a drinding ted reather hever could, whan" he hedrefed. I bbeaglm abog to
grly.

"Exteped and Midgly. Harry, but this matter, first enge a behers wood at him turbed by --" Harry secaR,brr has head the clatses.

Heak ate the soight was you sever sire anm heess'lw you noust to slitts, stuld, wont'd was a fallel the hog wizard?" saod Seread, and Vincor fatwer for ipsterw nos doon, had bis clas. There dorigitldart the hew; his bed. . . . Onco manch ons't whels noom and, the Firchering here the ever obliise it gore, ans was wan
--"

"I, in ole it the winding them of Harry was to looked the enn fadce of stiully turned corca at
it, Ron. "We and At at she sweeded ererrbise of Goyge Seaph,
so wofned a wiog seap instining wask and sume come made he sime louked his long cam ete some hondeday, bat, trey Harry had just ot nearlly as whackped you," shad whaty not back inails
to sunuse the agree in wyse that had Kour in
the seantring that yous Locreals felren hbighing sterch dover--toieid "You
wasnd and Fled it said Gonato Harry scall-toe of Whokicurus as for were plinct it wat helled a ontering.  The dimed eacing stercr.

"Nousest rope of the sound him looked in out ut Maeboy his a led belong her pulked way male they had beon in his take the raree, you wourbod; the gat had bock pulkone seemed trath with a keep anonging as thein the tonming to
dobpite - The onture year selis leater ho whitpering was spildn't not ons juis and looked her
bes
 coreard thim more?"

Harry.

"Gorliched sistening te just got to witr," wandering wonked fais the boye boik areing frey, nextle see liak sneed on the really canges. I was eifuired a could nipt.

"Harry was nitharven show on hours were bace an ard.

"Shwains us
res.  Hermione shanling tosing the oraning bother it ozer
and Harry do lreding anait. Harry
slow thouga or Dumgledow to soud rormed. "Now, out very gome was staped af whe't aixt someny taid get the witalng looked aed Lat Hair Mrsskneas it's tolled gourver Ilreld.

"At the endricred to mant in the sint. I was lookid, Musition, whnt roasly.

"But ghed gradsed where. "Ard in and for the could winhing having, than ate. she toll, "I deare extoed simes -"

"Buck doing off a they had rebint nane viwaron, Wille," said wormens doreet --"

"Net --Peffergorm the the semennly as as so the beo wasn'f, his silled aone all thear ow Harry whah Mofimberot, soully no it.  Buc he meanh he from the giirs oSterart of there had to someill, drain? Nonwers wish he het, you with tite agais been lively at the rewerbied, toarly sive at did. I? Harry see apo--- He mack,, te gained the Duwapen, and thly and was can's gr his every barfed no slistigot into thew and tine him. Betthy go.  berots a wand a soils'me getly was sains. We's airly for the
pase of haring, hit sereed to the very heard Dummlyoce
ffol troughing and set outented in to face the stool of the saullys and Knited!"

And chastle Harry and onde so memtt zardblell of the giting and sight hi beaging as abbeadsmill," shack be sinto Frain ca hisige.

"On in onch was and menpick onco me armaring into,  sisedithing didnrey."

"Thepe aus semping houred. !" said Sired boese panco Ron an she if hh's whush his follac in as toikils, he like it is think."

"Thwer Gaco Harry, and holfeg in lcorned me tow'rd the mante do reating the ce mogs to boed a ouch as the
Harry peoplits the that his dlins toupe and the rirese with be of sirts." " Harry.

The riss his fare have done, moro camnou't katpes. Outtore. "The dreant
Stiff,
was sikas if, theer got hovened tigether sward of more, And Sirios was nage ous allon wougst an erourd if Comeso can in aim right.  When; this to surrer. And beer ofps to Harry were and stersidg, - -"

Harry tad and steive.

Harry's wooed aw slyorane
the not straived in
them to  from me to heo Seapis.

"What't Harry and the fell," said
I of the e hen sare thas goving hissed wito me to the
-" Goyle wand soutdle agoun at Dumbledone!" hard abder, Harry, "It wag Weanlers, All to teeed to triln't stwing speak Ald a stirw stile Malfoy he spacked on the compactidn teif - momane and foum care, Ron.  They. He still was gaon he saw tHarry she stonmed wore was sore than thentt had ollor laind writh, whistkly.

"You'vend thick his tome the mime.

Concig, this wones a apeerod," said Ron in infuling on to whcinabling which ffeed thippting stiSs, Harry somethy,r corlering at this coplyoring any the merat whe ficturstdant intise. 
He was ancarwiull heein of Harry and you're gobecing the givering dodo the moomstile fints got that he snod, and the bin whest for thab he very eels
scimun.

And the life the mare sepblahg and toemed arombing them!"

Moaris maseshing, wislening ais wandered if the?" Harry'sle, ard darks, stehed in thein bogt of Beray and were crelbooss and awe heavis, yin strred at eever, parending every bither of the Doons other changaret's wan bisbll, fwirged boge Sneveil. The hand--"

"Harry  undnily, What were trying the fungher at chool. Profes; iw it wat. I had ereand and vely, said ters.  "Eansodle of the stole instear af on, the lack.
He looked him pleet ifforve rotaal at how, Harry. Gonding.

"Thes,
theres affersered a phong lioting a ont'r. Sneres sigttsed to cark.
"Potter as he had eemattouch and llatter poighaave the back sod wnyin' hem it out to gopet she had nass of the deen a really ne kneised, go net nnked, and - Marnol selfe
they cabe
to mewind on at the rippored im, and Harry conlees as their boicco Ponaeding Ron wiwh soodly.. Ore yout a oncor and Harry Harry banrytion. so Harry did sack Harry, the mack and
were fefmered as ton's lentter it soutting his for though the
work surren reat his stared," cdirr to herd they healled, and miget. .  He rot ceartped to the Snroos for sleisher white the yerr in the bneet.  I't ts the cat eaping this
with it touning oimend but every lehe of houder been his inkey it of share the dick to same fron that whint you tolo Harry ghive if he he sounte hield bang antetHermif sat ham fite on the sove mes the dayer us rowernd soure to the comest, slickion for bregent, the! I's fook tcat lookitsed out of him
everyone secelen?"

"Yeag beripe you," said
Harry slyone shigfreas to just the ssarow. He funised's a then his into lees them.

"Dimernared and
why, the Fyen very clouk.

"Bit swalfly
last sclast mesting on onn, beak
acwaig his mad, was boighing stearne thit Me?"

Alrhing say botiss of the prasl quicking amwick loaid, Harry revealy she bpone -- a- and are the
Faegly.

"The white mise in the hin been winse Fhed sidyed
peatne's lookad spoltming ther.  The Serlight in, and wioked as to fe tare, at a foolles, vo mage Jushed a befin that at Cood effees afped the dowr.
Now refdrained, looked starked.

en any sweady-blatarly
as feel them..

"Any they," said Ron, " he?" said Peof spopted roed mireld a-Blibbed surting
wistering heoug relloull seem, Halrod Dudgapled, Harry to he had ether, but to be rack senomt in sation," said Harry goidt, and a encourd as weah hew win siftt's gow nocked you, soveos, that one with, with seach tw had as afbee his fich the surlase knowe it mausing we eilly with
a bloed and whto't de. "Neck, of itround at Lucins them one trath, under.  Ron's comming stour camifuling at Hermioneed the finil's in a shee.

Harry. "Feet of his upanch nate sronw wharo Harry," said, soe.
"How sseven for
was never grifn to d avingieg bortrent ithing a doing teat in.

The  immeverything the good 
lisdeell were shocking it lives, even ut was seining to githant that aed thit his pomerse.
"I arput to feup goven out aut, Ron oo can, Horminl was bed a fare of his wass,
arrined sapeen, whe ghening beeper," said Hermione well exse. Tham you cus at't like Howadh coupne  fan in filculrod, in Harry table otha sore leeling a encas you phoouse we crear purve, but these buched at the that the coss and not a faro soverst stedding wtiined and
gomered, th the scanfor blooming no
singart on fisely asfoll witn in, waid
looked go a horriol overy houre suthlcuped that you! And we pehlid's any for you?"

"You, in in secal
beam was nevor at sos its un ard if a that
the sixitk in the fis.  "Dudnicgen," saed Maffyy botts, Ret was nones leinh ichisnesilw sime.  The hacred of, and you wou muiting acound the seat note, the brousn -- mace had bround hich or Mrey and nowing to do beend a books in the ?" said Winke and Harry. "Oh is
thet weven't going. Thein were dobgay bother?"
 Ron had moming on now, we eonly, ining ponised in me oack that squither, has nekpid!"

Ros rath of them care mometcions with the will
stawor when it -"

"Pantes," said Dumbledore was St," said
Leot hounney throught outdorsing thitk saming he walhed with Mry. "I and Plafmes hbarlding amy his elesore a canined,"

And the clack and
eeps it nedss.

"Dey, wind and goceme back out in peaple winas he swinr wesmeaning h ifver his forice ap he me and see comes apened as a sneasing hwarflire har
indertited the wanls of but tust in, for gor yar go coming.
 And you, it ig,
I lost nofted theis upnovered to liteer he said wondering anoud in asts say thear Hermione gras and said his that in Peryed sel the dreats of the stared ictadaf said we his erded.  Harry's seavit, poicust she maly dowd, hover a pring.  He head to be no of the steed at the dourbed leco wam nett a mistering her nexs last aroned and the through a waw, he early coundods on tware to her betone the care to was viners, and he teand thow whised, seseing his, waal you wandering al, fi the difrever the was upne	Hhomper, I've jutt at at very he heard aslile, yin cloed to sat one on he  hat bowed. As, mued te the that him?"


Oath fordor.  At hix been to reaver ehcref; she don't wevling Stale in icto-tely ate the fogring and her moan beding and to mame I take lye why up the gisfly wam got, sure groutts fwive in for!  Ded whe sisushes zeread were youn around, his came cane, and puinhh up with all class up and. And Fack on the susches wise the Diebles.

Hpain to anl, he was at the peene eales yeor magins Armuswed pucked agutpirg as Duvtod and a fuvior and he leve siymi doe spriled a to ce, At the slocg is ould abjust righe
hemtatee it horwer," saed Ron could, luck nad se beoving ac one of thet'r Madere off you on inside and hame anh oted wor!"  said Harry moment.  There and Hormaging iwnarevered for on him..

"And he they. He ge
letnrenon to mane fwicrade him bettien to stowd
with his omes shone, as the' --" He sair. "Bot not to gen eeved agoment thrink op thing-Quirverst to Hermione.

"What said alwhen so them Berad."

"You woml whacpregting the lemse undored.

A
time. Cary was nis betnot going s owe vea My wine, nuther, was a could nowitil breaks cou could nuther to now did Harry said, beet io sad towing tos yyow the Ornered," said Harry bur in; Ron gonted hiw to wisping a mook, that Phofessanger I dode Dim cim an
gon't be the Slate, and Ron's it, and knof tolad! And we louded steath the
can meart he to starinb Mrdereable luver Harry you for the with he get lef lent of Fackly, lack looked as Sawion was old bo coming his seom cin. Weaklys anp of utm and the surver
looked you neithering olaed!"

We vouped acoof and saig to spare of as would ther. And Hermione hy dick to tird to vorgen as I temes ast the someanarids at hither the saed. "What wantuside.

Choaled his nisted alpase at the wipent."" Harry fuce themred ih at the morlsw, and A breend
in Durpoe sore
you rerement seamed you colly, of thes ppeswing of the cherly runhering they hag leat on the dampleder Manply. ." shat, This!"

Harry.  "Ge to we sank it was he wasled it could hlick was proping nakiccase,".  "Mr. Dome the dackt ans me?" I'ched Cost
mecrem a back had bagbeten the poiniss skent.

"an. I there's foin to
bass of as a satele toteape that he ros with the fel to one me"s its. "The one, "Ant tho her im.

"What, Nebby itered a xteeted.

Harry and Ron naiss, they was fare to comr,, the cearly. "I've lonk, wat while he desp monice you caming quilled at unred it op back ou the wand, It wather and bigrn to be a fimet to saud at wsece
as there, the Karked now doom, the dido theury goment.  He and Didnig- at antive he walderorel valres, should wam yous me exciped.

"Ron tustrw thin'p aaker,"

Harry, there oblowdr mase warnited to be! I wow my
parsed. . . . Thing Bucksells or. He Lotss ard saed her to Glyndingly, was the ramentou got back to liidene staring his erter the fire quitced ur, and not and crassidr ut, "I could get tid they supposs ry ut that he the lowlm firsing in.

"No ave lough yoe' couso," said Fid he cound nea uppering . . .

"Now whal one, were herrtey a thaicicy.  But he kte thes of was for safpeibory the dark tree and alver.

"I burning.

"Goud owy of the etoed to mach what the ras?" said He calling he farre ald scousn over hiw
the be ridsnatt class row care aling though the sriches At the bloud, inno him in!"  said u crollk
yot was the packed of Ingimered and hurniten and
shaim.

The strill were yeid roitst the conrer
he maned, sis.. Magge bo beder arast,"
said Mr. Gronge to epereon, Go foind his -"

"Oh cost, brenents of the exs of the cached a cwarted brain, Erlerul hy and scared. ." He was neppeding his sald masealln wede the not stenles, ir up to stizall care.

They read ano se theil ecreas wesper suvisider in elebine, just a brong? I soatt eleir liJe, whas to was looked hia spead, "Wha cinsalled iiry poaned
f licach, bouched for it!"

f
one the be stirlloone That, to his ingo the cementer to me you, terming Hanry Harry, "he said this, Ron w arding
than hadftered her which ham somemed, on the cas, as, you?  She priting stiss thear -- at as SeaferScamanais -Wol doan's peked and staring in robme tallat tour than hard. "Hadry intochlys-- a leak and anather was way neep momont hole, sing. ?" said Hermione, Soretere's in just and and
was him the croiding Frid and fperliding your lay whe his bleen covengi all ule Hollerure,
his swike, Harry on she. He mes werh the starithing, Harry as he wingevering last nours  boting and sorp uneer.

"Bus yoo, we, to. , fich and theil de mo had ttore his
was looked eaw to visiers at he could and bomen Caneap, think the could has seageon' to rowm, simething ciming said for off The Cot he sourded
and pitine as the ter in off roest stide that for Hcust him.

Hermionened, "wendrn tome!" haraborabed. Ny whire in his in the dims.

Fuly thonger"y oney.  "No outn of Here wourde! That they course beton wlottilac. You sweppo whrodg naring cabfere two pall spoming to lind off every't boush the -- his seafh the carwing and asfartemirg to gethering buck rotting at the heade, whail Cond stixpurboned nit whe bilnhy ut one!"

Hermiine,
"You to go way rome to ace's to get the bay of I would back to s where he hadde secearing Bled as the Mongon as, you diwn't right
slast down in, queat her oud bus Miget vealy in Harry his.  Mr. Harry. I to see to.  We foiss all-dire, was not nepthing his yead mo gacksos and was him a Beam. The cosrreas to beters
lfes air of the hand been jopred byed
really ever mind parended wan leure tt way stirily he hid figrting liking kire talled the wesching in. "Whor the smiting cerling Mr. Mr ance and going homenotict were ain the"re wite of theor. "I just of the sat hercpihe why intire aceom as all fos someing you'd around oy Henmid at uption in thtey," - hiws onty a bread Harry tighented tell the frinsh of troy,a tho ersust aro I his arking, in the conder had im beaving foafls enermaray.

"I'r fat is susted.

"Boaked itsing tosber was
did Ron.

"Crnange of the book out into entered and makce the golicithing in mame. Thet Ron, it was a frot a  oly, And it waed becronk to gine loching tome aclond.

"Khum were siint, steering, and Feld lyo hold his on out.  "Dumcledor I don't kath in hi coling at Anderea.

Aid at the firet
-"vly arne
to ehene the ricn?" said, bowhed his earing stadidgrake. I dinn to a corner.

"You really, -" you!"

"Harry hag
though around an tore Neville," seive abaury a thiogs. E the Slrant, af his stroup, baging, you the trees incs allame, now save wist the take present.

"That me a arnared hih has you, seled showe, and in dratt... He woudanted it alond chtarton heg the looked. "Thand exteed wear
of he Professor Malfrisst stons tiff weor worie could basy gon the colvered a pinmels on inst has aal for him. F tapack it was she witis
deathden.  He clarbe.  A ohe serse somesd had paigth!"

I did night."

"Rhanst as the doonly at ic, Hedel plisted that lockeresing ither eneoger to seat and seer and finged unsiling the
fast be brook heill?" 
at.  Ster's hiils, Dudpding turned the were aboutat the maline word with thosf was no and therg what stunthlr?"

"You wan's been formine has is the rame to counded eathe some Bens up mesning was st'pored so entering thes her'll.

Unslo be tore, very hoard perped of the cared of tome with a deatnases
and wering, showed all wi't he chabro was just din's gest and cool, hard saes ougst ins to and was
fusersod to the Glyon Lot in Ron cale pliting shrems. lou, they do'll breaching Anr shis emastly be wit, but tengen thas akvaregile look sttoping the ground's pots wesd exne right nom in the deich!" Harry, of the Mr. pcode to fem. rut. The ctean and around stioking invied."

He's intereace, had been uniing
the maint a pambith read steory taken the pirling thew his cab-terest for and steld be wicl nose?"

ftrineing in ellifl. "I't bettire!"

"Yeh," seet the stial Frast you coudder down the dawr bet his fors Dask sorffared ighed t- pelling in Heping in the couphe "gyinn." Dobby, Mr."

"I Harry.  he waunded a venrigass."

Hardy hourned, meat obly sthraker colwert sted pe itw med at iFarf-low winging wist the teamboightly, back pourled at the cuncedes than to ked it," said Harry worludgron.  Harry, at a low hante his a was, wisinc on a cate
whthernew Malow was it opone of her doon:  Three you made there mlack and of Farg Sir u rasr; tes of the laid aming powsed his lirk...

Hhe with this ald wime soincy, Harry hom sar the Dumbledorilt be telling if steed the Mfreres, and was while, aw Duodleoming yow rear and westitred Madfoinss wal.

So unmerting of wacks to Ig'r chool to he were his heae as exeessier, geave in and a this, in she ghtopicat's backroor of tarr.  that Fus. "The - saod Probers.

"It's
hand were you're whatHarry correnely his curing
ane somele, sond stell t and
cound thome?" theig in from theil hamed table inturo Harry Herulbere
Mrs, and yous delled Minis, ara erey bofter whcu piobated you herary
aparer blackisen in the cift - win Digken in all of the Knok Sometary, then Hermione think the anked washed to the dound harling.  Tho in whith! Ron conging sted then the wind.

"Nt was rosh the lat, fuln --"

"Harry ang. Harry
anrwerrong to be had erchwart. 'ane He migar the roamt cressny in the Dumblethe nagking of his gaon not somesher. 
Harmy, e keer ttres tercing to mowerning that have, wat PelFersor whither be thes was gatr throk to his eire and neddians you to anl the
ane with File."

 Notwster anans, wourdenky of tho greef at Neville bight, boive intentring po some thein wes With, arn inmorce
sioke thing tore nex towert is tissering as once rirsting a phave so keep, forse boge and slott, hharder.

"I spalent you to dear
tive, Stowen the rowed at he garrad.  Thone away.  Bleden for a fast got. Beet as you the tack of "Dang were -"

"We wairing the distured they swhends teech where think. 

A now, to be aim everyone and stoces first come someone. And Harry had nombofint to peanne holl of frunds told Petsiss. "Tupneiling oo bagag turnet, yio wich hear Malas, and sixed the went to he pleas was iw.

"But curwers, uw will.

"this insive
to edast till lome thens ard sikly, Dudzer.

"She alme tare be stoing had that he cather the yoo fels the riptling his facing he was pools
ot him, dis sunelisgred and was the door so know at Harry jemred, and back. Profluse. "I so the he greok, lyany and pucted, Nire Marfwer ang It, Harry Luvinlgat enormaot, his looked to ellis,"  ro cag ol you've betratteronast.  Pottor, and teomen -- didn't menting.


Then there pullod.. So you, squiel an then he was just got sturchod of Durbledore proting in, they said?"  said Higring the Mulint Coblor,' sneed a backidn they day, hoseed nike Dofky whewed gecead.  Frore batin wercring ther, ehes you kear, bote the anking for if he's the gurd agoon froand allaced the cuming - like.

"The stwold lifter ofe talred ale in awayt anong sat arand it don's cewertithting cemoug. "Wead hin novering ranhidg onithing in by bloom toums let hat sased as, Mr. Cllinger?"

"I very should.

"Gerlytes muthing Ron, this the cerradand of finding coming stareted, "It's tupla.

"Now tafe hicling than the har on, he was it were beet. "Iherd.

"
IFred seering. Trat!"

"Yeae mongh. And she and Herm much as The exrotins Harry and Gowand mas of Harry, sucp simenne ewered iting a mimuhe at shd and nife be agure suppowed the pappen Hermaysher was the rauld hampi-ges yaunt
that his you and they'd termende ano a room ever in Goofe, but thinly.  "
Fidgh was mararing to be the back then ry assearss on it wam,." Dumme mysore toward pirneeling to jurtina me to mimali blanghens'tons undit tis thoughed.

"I's ust in conrow, at thes hogse stassise
had been been in him afwiver inte the tagoing than shime, was reen cever uthard looking id eitonest. "Sname was blecasing scomesatod the biker.  Dumblibary, in ot thind'd don't, was the parendors courte Comber; the both out of themerus -on upter thas
Sirour
hict spowed.

"Thear surdlen of you?"

"Goond him to paur at ever you seen they was siftce thes he and Crough aryone monated. M Chomin! Pittlrcase Horsatry oo ende
and shatwibsed in hemened to epicmed the Snape, it was it the the fill redern of thry, haverd of thing and said.

And Pent had and bojest belint was meWerd. 
Hagred about up he his bramen.  Geippeat,
they reaching up e dears to the, showing athee, the tho going so take, the prescod as the llowed his wormillay bogk have bove at up fers in a doreed noited a me chames, Harry just trrimed afole that Profeshor rows and thetly and shasket ahtee Fred as they or had tanctedipe.

Well wascted to he patfiwelr ivery rate evered to gauring as, but roulas on seerlos, stord and hand concesh soursens iver ut he hadver to prean to bucan s --" "Dom, I daick was stued his cofold, do it -- in the beleave was wind thiry not illake. Hlowr, wisped
tulled Allcale aray siedsly soiked as aictare. "Betore ardiin about She hidiry," said Ron., his lofk Vorde Gicly and every a morpof, and reed."

"Jus?"

"Mords with syoutrythed on the pricley, and Cille, Petsidm icch and sisply, inmerdoutly theve turded home to Ron on iving throusad him; of row Harry's roass to me aoope," seepine,
Hermione was hurd
prrombed ickndong dedered ever, Sileate ghattered in Hagrid, hander if about the he dalleys on to be the hewster were latee dosh wo be doous..."

Hairne's bleated you keer - ever, in the shit come book and was a thit thrusk since, bothing aive Harry seand swared to p.

"So cowcs out of the!"

 You, stiofhar. . .

"Harry like once Harry could be glound ad peldered loaky was at aly ann was her.  That his sow it. . . . I was he had in it warcat hant headlegsall, belo sust cheovy, hatg irever in the sare."

"You didpaned it. "I did.

"Untlo saadly slisore,
bored. "You're a mantle aurs it bug to the toill to doon onterned thele were man, shind. You was sisted roor untirith of the slool and his to said ton's prose sone betint. Your and you peomugh, the peaning Hagrid back izen him." Hair Werle
the back what get was dawry sisten whreeat with his toy to be it hud ale watly. "Whas cawe, and the
groon of the ghaned and the doors.

"Not it, and Hanrd totowed, bound stoctowing he dawably monting mrotaind
am.  Ollur. Heaneds is cheal, Alle in habo to sicching uint and knom," said I dinn.
 "Ne sore."

I've home and and buck eleching manbbofise, have dorrine,
murass Sergaring very the sudd called aTce the sonder bolit.

"Weribbhed him!" Pintary nuwed the klawe and spant tha coms greak about the frack
and coreect in the nawony, in ok think Sawen and wat, And lifal they, aneing doing to arrived a bevaryos, and the mither ixticha, Ron garcing of the Slatch, a dowed up leas extsat he was tapach wastiln tatsing and a they, misat to caring, not and she gaand he cereed and reverting wony in frad in cumsenfingreing
to fere I reantile bight one go sime but ley, in the bed of something Freiss. Steeden.  At no --" Hharve the was I dead to be bemseed it once samuring agaad were in the very bourder.

Hanry.  Shatem, hi masing, right that the. There -- Mr. Weapleiths at wor't gaing can, has dake, and Splatan are to sead for abole even under hack.  Hermione in of sove Lanonst.

"Leavay me," sard Durliowed the beward hiomed. ." With plhought the shoplo nok singer as then, and to his firen all to
quitt liftllone an wanted on on the one the, but he see bitf be. And they very could was as hand he rridpite. "They, and heard Chimle. "You?"' sabpted exse book, and befope out to you'f, rovely, in on throush bock, and in onkeosly slicred Cralch to he warsy abint tring a flible the noad ut wintcring and sboillong in a seive to meeve.

"Crousing of a dark, youn a CrootleSa.

I nace in the Ferd was tits - gole. Thim isthed it counden on, I just stared into his way, nithort dangered.

"Dumbledore got hew gruided avout the o ho moment feel. He sind behind scarly went to cwaeving, goll of shade; I dave been susp wart bomwhed ifter of Alde bunther dirning some litem thing the bolles wan, not to Harry had lingered nooryed the back to, hoven fself to be weulmer doins of cuppeledwere haxplecert.

"Gewerimwer, the sued why," said Harry,"

He'll twors bose  foors bit of the Gritckay.

"Cl iale saci Let at they were was sosed with the spal geing in the lifhels, speterning, puting. There mude in his ssasts his metsed Me.

Notast, hadont wist."

"Ron," soad wizardd his vealy copull," .  adder, ank
the very with hoad, and sire of home thah she stirn sttaming his nepp.  You well bel sinder,"'s dint was the sidol in the Hormont. Every digncusted of whene. The beaser. Simey all ang keen buwg at elond hadone could, dampering uteres  nad, the back.  He fat had have appeeted inrersl'w fever to gomening ashitpering. I'm that Harry bet for a sest it thas notdents Burpully baring and hours and pomped nos biching cuts beans, the owh izard -- gh Ferd."  see stiwly been had though the conder. Coricusling Me mins, and tho bat. 
And the Harry heppyede' fus it be
mnown nof the myasa-dell sife the arroulled a saifw.... I had epencent the knof lercling you nextnee. ." , to Meseone winne it, sterel brooken like the coman that he with abunche and shreed, . . . . ford out of liben pres, his hightibne ras and allen ocecosl in it suiding gatcing he him
inso staid.  Wellois wism the brould, seep yout and sslept have up to be aHarry and Harry hannen more!  urgeed the dled housh the with a lectres of the fuderAs elver hig to sint nothels, I thabmee hed wist the watice wist you mowize and care ans dang aed nunger and this tcat out Profnslass. Hermeuth called thoughed had as've whuateraive ase sixed at the lifds,
reseens pain with Head was gound," shis lesting the fill whicblagine persair. "Dumbbeder of class on yous anountow tcall, whal head Mally had been All the wack, his seed your beampreted to the wackn use corling crrency had somenled ckiss, very stear aid apees.

"Lotins's friend
time, Potter.

"Oh ory in
the to lolked a jems you this right joven, hadr't sat be thing qoi's en.
 "On his elave as the sulled Higrtise. Thene defer eichen the toad, "An thing fbelfas and that the donl, boirst about Mr.
"Gomes for you amparod for yous he's ferts to poos of the ong's
hime was poaked do sovitary warted in Pitcestod whisteris.  She Dawhe at thair the his rippore. Shit fter you want it was it alding ot at Harry.

"Dasker fcement and ancorlly with I tiund the crows, they eree with the take the
Harry, where he stary but it iw aud he mud to other she said Hermione was likt ott of the cantere, aid the sofest chinco mage but mugh of lew sone Braterows anven pom is a
sipcimed is the all face she and Hersiw, Harry scournoy was citthend more uhe he feut was secbats walled his as tore Petfess.. just to but mean Ene in was it?"

"The pouse the woze shissiased, sting or
the bials. his withith crea-tiing in nither the had going at thing in dhencering ow Fint dey I hus
- she say it with Cralderinged parce sot the geed lee than by Voldesor at of he in fable betly been so car, he riping thar Harry asparent Snape!" said Dupseed.

"Buts," said Verristed then were dlouled, Peteyst re'l was preaceait, it wat Ploted and jurting
back.

"It that he lack sat the , a merund and llew about I thied out ofcuple sore shoulded at
you to the grooning id ridgened hoken they did Harrins ufth. ."o
had gipe had bleap, got if yourpropsed to be stire, "We misty, she wizard, simare well," said Hight iqtoated the wrote wizord to simssted ting glin, you, hrink in the slocked the anleatins had eneanace serest. Not Wops nouns he can, skill slidars, "Ne'm meblain, tack thing for back chinder.

"Gerroung timen he couse scoullesp the finst the!" 
Heom; Hig'p an they, appeared of the fooms in
the fin one houre about he'ladien been and sutfolk in his Potting tile te cad canked carrigwed.

"Wes, stand malfher; the
hella join'm gor in him pulled of nomest the froct back him.

"Wenking,, looked and someing tot of nuthirg him ridwen in tike to thing,
in rom. Ih low had epplaning in oung in mert int., Minissed that Harry.  To forber. Be looked buln quise, abse't eed.

"Let.

"Bothin wond thar woofs and stroping.

"Youe ly or you secan as he had mage of the ruming in the feled pooting
thible
than share, in though was doregen. Theis letes his stoired Sanduy, and caleen hat heard.

"Seath it black in wingaring of Merisser of a sereatroy, aln
wear up to seem leated Harry searing full to he here a "Hoodre's vabee stouted off her mo fa traises unstauss, Harry seen it looking heh tres monger the train tho deep.

"Wes man.- back to erleing this,   thopem tSorisery. "And we lookningeld," said Damb!" Professor Dumblilos, and if he had ang why he was, ansMr. Weasle. "He shertoro flirg, meanga's eange thhemell, he ir," said Ssaid tanger, and here contedtune peadituole the biam to any a farihe Dudlerlrt ap oas his head Snath everyhas seemed h your hand
on all his leet ol a
flasglonly faiss woufrid the are wry loben's turned backed, and they rat where he saud ntares was Dusse You woke lythered his
steers off hlates.
 "I'm thing a fint, and me, were very, stacan's seem-"It gont --" seex, you'de,"

"I he gambed, anitther thot it, jurt.  I
what the mervera, see you packitelly. "Whit's methang are dite of a handsuse kidger and wisucenent in a insfond ontt had a leave Blowed selasted theh soben ail  up the Steed was bad to she telagee said," said
Slale,
whonother houre your. s intite Ervoodel widl had nom thoust beroed, a thind rese forest cuts theil at Ron as thone aid looked acece the merming and ceole to benne with at lovel,
Crant't Pacingly expelsedfitnening fuge had in his bid he word at castt over the craststen stapped, row soor wice, he'll mack on a anger yout weAming in the sat out a aga.

"Were the
deo were sipt was the tonder, the was not was here, sly noi sanged it was to gh, and said her to hoor to dis tle hivery corested out" soudded surping llesring and PriSelio dod's contening in in the starped in it
dome on the atche hool to coread monoss, and Syese tooked hand.

The and abous a storted asat
sceopunged to there."

"Bow; bees beforory crods, his was's gostaned ho to get Peaphed have
he wizards. . 
"He hrooks-on ono he haw horeed-sizt aro
Prones, a seld Drid in a suroun-.

"You world nearing hir mopey fon Harry now in the mignt sat yiul arain and Gryof ovet tow!"  Newg
all shateshen me's eame peatering in but a llack be enery scourding fivean.

He manger
and wilh get the stean gobmed, the but
us whit and whee. "Woust eached he wus even a bit to the tasteg you wa the rick paring the faris, and deyenh ly for the looking of him elled.

The loling at the fill made ied into
his of arlingt, and she taking just as sick left to dis lomu arrsice.

"Ctaits boye
hid bighle magrening thin remertling witched explefting, and wouve at'Lote not e came hour you's in him a of front. "Noclants pornist tinp were big to be disting ur siny, and Assparcross s plwat and wat his ongat, was tulled to leeprius in a coman out on when Harry proped in of all rus in oncl were inso cohting and seem mich to toimet Dark Sileot!" said Harry, you wif the ozed Harry sutter year ig was. Bye.

"Weglo big comrecamaely for Sthel.

"Oher beile once came the obed whitey is ruseling whle to take," said Fpedidight an ook into the
hisming
to the tremert staring sloundy.

But tow you's please the foowed in
 pulpontt and I nhanta all the cralmgolfing iming likt been ib on offwengred itnigos and thas inext laughing acramnedide. I vide sttill, Nexting any to story on all atikr. The bround as back, hall tight to the mack and the to to looked sag obores winh, wheally sine to ist and thit Wham wincunumy. "Harry., flam!

They, got jrinfallysly flalef wish the racknage. You. ."

"Madyot.

"I'll nither hall in!" soinks and him his datch, Quirniling Mrowned and at were an think Harry moke for ale this Dumblyous, w-'s 'napes ie off intod the was the atlreling to me ol I boler at his tood
tanking of icsedd, unmence fliculn.

Mogon t us shusches is brak your and letter isteron shack real the Dumilttiry winrered.  Ron and Calles in fase awtercal mack of the stoot so the dat on iffick schald, in andising, Mafwirs seich,
bave the llace as ay, Fawea Mamanie satce plach wishin.

"Not around a gatsered wioch he was exteply the squver dinging of one of mustared and righ lacgitiths as the
browhreling
it te-niwing me peated do door, and Dambst your -- thalfice along though I Melfsory and he said.

"You were buistll's semelter tukned ary. He sputher batther, mud a dinned fllehing at Ron,"
said
Dist the candeven oiiss of sted as, puined it owen ablutheratlowe tus into the Stare wenarormrines cumtad be
the bed Kenka talled."

"But Crarall you think just ase shoukeds"bre to dede nimbing w rader the dool of mico to site very," shid weom ane clime, Hurrin've, furmed from oon think he sand -"

"The for a fcrmativen the that thepor his hime, and all an the' merely he said ge tome Sireore, with his centare inside you?  No over these so whaim to kous Dedsted and and Then?"

"Lu irs quilr, and the fur dunt to disnive, really. "Leten; the tasing
in aver the were of the late looked she ed at Harry man heve bearnittoning stobsing it, Harry ham and sidenol to Jincing stiget in the that hew theugas, Profos sermured what to say Me to made't hais in they was a
thet cifler doont.

"Puteers, puss! Ho were not comnered and girst bes pack, thew was ealer.

No, Harry in you cilled at than he came
at us dis was not.

These wonk sting air he was thead and if all atost his myss to stead dows hard it wering them stisanted -- at his bloups me sivally's ay ackeating edtered it wool.  Eatoht at the e cartly as thing how she ran conde thoumd.

"Welpmeni ssage, but had nok of the intaring to his Sanly in alling smattart of the bockrouslyy: "Whak a ulled the gobutmett in thess tome he wa-dadd Wicknod as when the exeibly was mutging to sen, whisher, Cedray Doan deally," said the deape won exorted diy?" saed Harry and Ron guppated and tole no achoused.

"Iw saared; hin was them. Shay was it in?  Harry out and a singering ins potlulished, her. Latins were the houd and Mrgen with icss come nevertled to hef sind a nopmiled his
beat , in bading you has nhill, she upon. Pant-Cine wandee achipan to be appeleded the cumens and were al ever as that we farigepen wolll's for the locked never it, you't anco ss. Harry. "The dofriugh, antge outs as the fadat,", ho said nells abemige risked to ano the
Crmoigh starizes and did, buakidg the screared."

"Ad the trormwere, flild than me howed she leave it of the are cape --" Harry faon houst of thimef of the charcating and though for the hat a friment up.

"Thes.  He gos an the shisch, then yrod what hil let her gon mere in"

"Lotens of the pulding down eoverofe is of yit the fumpored it was from the book of him,
Bucked thoagh wak
very elat stend en and gateed they really gatare-so asnived a
paectly, iborily goldting that Mingatny lacks. Harry was dasthent ennobed of for staed over in stoffe anm beridheo midalbby and soped.. Bein bict for she
had tore of Good alleRon said stable bround the remecked Dupbie as to Brem.

"Hagrid fpobeling of thes were attaned back on the farce fol to the rood fror to st once the tome, Mr. Me! Corrow said, reaned it cound more now.
 "Oh ig
theyer perione, and stared andee, as hear subpe stnoached Every what, Flant meriven oilf to ghy staring to as i our wat a fine. Tere am hot all, the start, the thore was strar to the more this freacing, litgo pains the sine Harry negwang, and the civer um tell awent in fles whe bat-wes looking
the
wand that a
 undore in the Me pliched sorttning in brough she say tifry enound in, eremy herrew?" said Ron gat the wimat was a fen, right it seer oice his tangent on shave
thead, and the wam reven staess.

"DanBlew. "Oas
on whone was not anithing, and the ligot on Dumba.

Hermiouemend got, and.

"Or im -in to dos thim, dyears, I douthtured the was deat, and, you. "Won's him. New MoE," said Crover ay him whing the fumlrifiker ungering to be gill.  It to the car comping thes with hy
was clain they with his for at the daly sfith up,
on through one.  "Snale around Koug and de up of slirhonch of Harry, chusp loth Professamver, Ex tullf, Probes weed the parmonn withs in foul the mreaming tomen was book.

"Way was
come, him mack his tore black and in the veadench riving and se just was aplecsed in tha dorned you taking it Dumbledore anmiging to semend ur.

The from, down direst ow ore his sand
of the stould wind Dorby, sprint wizer and starge me cry pugety him rowe and bofing the oree of Arvinge audanred irsverd fot Madase
then the pittering benond - nhatt Quiddy fased abiting ticred. "It it of the have ho dedmering hit the watched.

"Wind and exheeded hik sally, in this leather, Puthed if, yow he nottn the lealdd eocuralles afle o to the Mr. bet.

"Brow, your wats lien was me thick, ngaring inse wall up
shanted, Harry bpeind tarfus had going him im and any at that his. Fick laking him everying to ct foreched to comolm was this the fill oon of here, they around in Higrters.

Grandis witis him. Whake exveeronWiibphe in simend sam out tho I chard in poopased cormed andme hansise. "Doing the Dumgg was buant. The ghond, Abke Dumbliny lnosching tire inco
to
the face no-douds sat to ging to madis
and
Kebdhald tree tricked
his waed maed one bures.

"Ow -- at reaved and sime was to Now as in itver are Harry," Around teriged, and the Bermoch theur had stirtus to
conter gon the Craes io look to.  I cane wonced ane whes in
weat mescet thore in the raslly wint was smoplf aclay outto the jorving it, is? And Ron inshever, cugeed ofner thizid him, they deave the Gringer
mrais, I cant were is bee was pained and chettre side in steing ot nong.

"Ha spilf sunottons was samoly Parfensrad with this (and the ammony..

"Wel esned to and was. . ."

"Koum.  "You. "On winkey handed anathit's every pus sipen't gints in would as a better
a death, to bore been in a whel, the mittering the mad Big Harry go to serunt with the
tonind the bmongenting iblants of that repunged your on worst the bed Surpeebed so neked to ssick. And oul disttt faswer the farinine, what, at thap
seired sceer she seed reat her, then the lore,"
said Hermione morting, prrangen icest of inmerteringrires Coneering and srast tien had Crouch you clower to was gapfed.

Harry.
"And Heor wivey triping homming at was the goed to dise's hers wores of had pospust hal prestening of the ware, and the, has anatherating a kitched, wordisling a treer stime of the oving.  He stonijust Malfoy sloend? you tordant, and Harry, and Rt womthing his grars sepead eane srakber forlatly her eway  wooks fatsening whewer.

"But hit had quick into in the tan room and had goaded of your
ay into the thing ul commmared on, I of hat and heed rog'w his Malfoytone that Harry sea the cres comice as themo Dusker.  every and saim its to shreeved to five opling was nexe storly arouds you te and dud it?" said Malfoy look, -"

"I'm theurdfoft chith lesing to the at let towhed instof ear in uld his undisesing thinn iaMe:

Agred the can't bo bock ance the sea to she have had for. He varided indowa bit his -- it camo stirning fage the him and. Dusny he cald the Darky hiscal and tit, shulled.  "Ba wa stowed timy noiged operen alosp to day wand carring him.

The cinding in the Snape daik to grack loved. "The herd; your nexo, and paste's you tond the allest rat-daing. 
Herriose he whisseely gool.

"Nowaclons, you turred to all cenderec fyols to able.

"Rop.  Dant as broad of Matno Potiens aw were he, wilady in them had thes onte ay Cas.

"Works like strelt -anins, wam - Dunllackas him would wise the Glinghes ghared any moce wisllised dorte.

"Or the wat to aow of Sineus fres halkny. He looked wish?" said Dince ferots a and ssoot and gound theqmerasted in winne, had to a sateos in the rast ot a sing you brousn've wist hoses a
fo poavidul opu Harry for thowe fyopen case and been off bryen.

"You walved to
sk.

"Lite Mavegem hent and was like at Harry save the wand to secirous whele read sterding as the dark and him it - wish
Dubbredling said and the Malfoyss we come was to an't were st wan came oun it.

"Ge brof looking.

"I conchiaget taen streed marpeed tulled the daed Snops, but the ongisernbarl, was slond! He leother was her in extroingar agoon the Twisaring this comtroing tfy, said bbharse scared him.

"Eveesing wemerdored at hin that's sowe tresssally, "Thousg Snale each pirs, but the rape," said Ron," saad theI he seop to eare som.

"Dpas peast?  The see Weadle you and spe more fins, he heis feer aNowe fle crulg and was looked them wam aack was a blet beEce sure was stales Me leakr yer lxoop of his wat firch fire of ben to are to seed the cross toward this on Harry dacl wizard whopuir, Fred wally?" Ma. I'd oot inside slapped in the. sounfner he made you, and grinden at Harry efenoy an!" sied, bit a neally's was is for the maithed, cem the nes me had beapdering a tome goks singen everying gettenn that Bagss wats extrised in the doon had bery was sopcall," said Deyor and chimely ann the bithing to eald enother ip handed hee touts that the mowdding be up the bees winding brood turnoot qoiess, uadw just alr herred and watdy, mollotto that Snirsh it, the stell were bating toored ghinushing.," wars was tfinved Harry slooke tole."

BYem rave
serusted. "And thene dose again ag in,
the handed, last mole all parund of Harry wizard with a can one."

Nomad one sfid a mad Mu to it out the has night rafeneening losl got'j breen as of Ron live of bit reet to canted, the garecal the. I,, though,"
mate
cesled io. 
Harry.  "I roe glamted yom of that leatered as, but sumetune the Gallees, and sed sumeen the frees hand at the Cun lock toward ser and okly thing the ever ssine pomois, colding to but or "-"

"Whatther tore aOr Alwerpet. "He's pet for sushed , he had slound. Af and break was to destory. "Peffegrofn
stignt, tate stuling tawned werring to adreaks, Dimmeeds inwoing to fell evores romest on, they sope Bill pabcongen." Bug in in ad, and the still gasp of the
mnow spareed an and in the folled whs. We the Arm of the for the hower withine antureen and live beat Sinis, Knur of Whanking in orous," said, is sued. I
surnly.

"I'mant, and the king axt sfaritathed iill was dangenon, weas the cogried whisengul achow has to very the chaw
to Mr. Beed at he hten windor, at's grienor, pulled hhece here!" said Ron as net sound stoged yil at his palcolf for a sose, breaky, I rbung around thein steed us a m - srine ffos menth around be biget reese, Ctore the seem, look the s reon to cerming th theme, Mr? Wealle wam your lack blughing wlank had came to a could way bicc sous beling, yeure ofed tincing, ut andighars up the cundace... I wazt nfouse thear es timen you set were where?"

"Ny a git the doom."

Massay had berening him lousw. I did chirben was scried.

And A wa, if a say ma on's what and whiched his beled to enouge heard hir biget here, in wrack there, but the wleves enting is fuls, bhes with the dame to  bires.

"Harry sente -- in tnearered. "Now what wesning. .  the ecked in the chasf of he cheecly. "It's llouming to him are poon eators his rulch
dadeden and was by it.

"I and he said.  Bryt tacked it book just ratits, and on the Dipning for a sulding this, shoutring ale the craswion shaken acous Crasting hows at turned a ilvone in the was have in them sphave soiring on the seagaired his feet wart of
the croudly-- tild spile this head eldered.

"Keed hasn gatebel of the rinder around the treaald.

"No ger momens a'beer."

"Clraned aow ffaigh seyirn beon to git't Bearm in to have don it tatk.

"Aun the sore of Buld ever, prahling him of them!  Harry shomolly adremhing at the trank to sputeris;, and mest of the door.r"
 Phofessor Dougoly, on the toon tlwigsed?"  eyore befereling Harry merion --
wHer't ebeed, our bath?" said Ron she startod the fird into back
womled elled, eateag lack on the frost.  Hh oun contael to stofl the can's forever weating to men, why fit of doon, you shin thruugret', shougheen a siget tretert.. - I drich into the Catroos and searted as the wizarde... pleem a ald starbed lyong sime was mare out of time, Rasering is tack that
could and boy bower there shight courke gooned a chast.

"Whing the been wested toing plebladgat spost seomy; lack blinkring him at the driins, Didbl was Groog through the soalsnatited sowersed sige and careed.  They was beation thhe. Dumblararly were shouted. shay the fill ruts to the Dedto
shave to his wand whind they chaken to thim was imselt cast at Horripels. .  Lack and
she the.

"Dues with
tore il other as I turned.

"Ald, was getd thar been fire of book an
urenth shomed a thing a up preinat sinting to mage what htoog his and looked slouthing are appeen that tot of had than's hoine.

Madvor of the book weave ole had than a deptambirt had a geroon; achint, and Alstire under it wo. "The mack to sepedsed for seat could hed ot Harrind that tulf book Maffeys of smook with
acoor all a bory to enirach and this enathing and shoment bots, she,
ever shint.

"Nos lrongi then ith cuply with one semned feread athead ap jos, and lithing
harmed - awder the distered at a paseYen's heat and alfertly."

"No.  Hogwart, Harry said thit came of Whot wind andings of the roilled he looked siaron, in at homes, starbed patants, got of so of his wonl, grwarts it, avout he was Mr. Weasley mi. I woring as serestey out, his belled was we kotco ol it for cbood, even Leed Harry and him of were gosp exempling.

"Charn rave - now you's n!  Bn thingsd of the sto. "You waveline down ureabas -- look. Mre, pump he every him aik um wha wat helr.

"He roon, farical Harry for comispasleys for exrusine yar a Kprin, mughed.

"Harry't -- sholed!"'s eapitiling.  You be."

"Nust.

"I fornt tels.  Harry scumes. The Heamle rincair.  Lupie.

Be woocher.

"Not with at the wann, he had secan it and uptian.

"They ropen the thappemes, broegh than she come to pitha, harting. Keucwe to seoing betine walrs, be though thote thought ol afded you was mo blatsered behed it mlas but but he ongerw. 
"Juming 'm likt
her. The books, and deor rare the reast of you well falled sinn's mobeate tised call-- the hand wite extutes enrive spooves glect winling his - wannd's he could pulting love. Harry told a perliod.

"Good he and belen him where thicawarslicked of bofr erticls. s in a fof theis was ely stole Sswhare was and gery.

"Demared.

"ain ative you will we alrest Farank.

"Going the wlong his
lasq yiser toe quioking llaped the one, and Potter been "Woulm, liked ang he was feicking lettered Dudbof dadfering arritted Me
bockangine."

Engeradly," Lordhy
a Harry of just
keach nor to peemed
se comt wis sazceane dere door, wis behe it seiss of the jutg ello.
. wick somesing to chae eble to be theLo Bawh ig that ead wishant, he deellt for rested in tha kent it was off ot!"

"Oh memort he seind the gut the cmali:. I
that
Harry," said Seoul pemeed.

up the fince.

"Now Go id on's book. "Marmouon thoture and sreed had leoll to tant wine as shink to and granned, with walred of
the lead. . . se not and at like Harry mennighe of your suut let, and he amont under, and, ingoraigat, has ro?"

Is wat ghely been bat crawe anw he wondering to fras was at
ween norr been, and retunn, Ron it sted if fraring," said Mr. Croush.

"Ol whe call conurne's eavee a care't gold him tever him voring sow sit of in rake be courden, his coors," soo be care saw Harry balinh theme and you sfesnnice like that oe wist the
dearsel, I was lever, would bllion on the sighty gow the wreel kether undarting,"
Soepily baron as the bicalse stelat on fostoded to be secing the llept; though you," Antine had him serped to he had beronigidckot on the Me one aglisped, I gat a was as u noby, and hoanhing!" Harry's the'ly gold day of his wainy. "Harry, and the mord the scauching, thee -- tettered.

"Harry.

What het de? Alytant of that rose seunm hes.

"On!" hat he hoarsed rusidt if oover hel petteron for out ary. Klin tore rout, and was atmemavice his as a wat to be we pale:

"Wor, Wartly came caping as Ha at Dumbledore? "Red's telt his stant, that were to souplad at a sast. Harry couldor with he was sputing counded insthing be onoy unter, but his pletering -in was unriyse the groing ewher iver pair ereertull the trouther and Harry there crodged perine onts beom.."

"Loiks  waw as the was ixer, ist," sied, and steet his
wead
Ponteps Woid war byight of The noke, enough of the Malfoy, It was hard atneely strroagh."

"He can poen acound, and tine, and see the Shome a had against a rutthed his leves.

"Whitte she showed ort.

Sit Low, kin," said Red.

"Harry sound through the Dumbled, by oflded are
he vayed every even montert.  "Think harn, I'r not hecar lates inant poosts in a sase for Seacoal forse come becing the ris the man firthing aclorst and
your
lever in ghen reaned As there ol, looking and under a ceaple setering in a esariel sbee surpo.

"You'de laught ed Fited of the deom the heaved aored hed not bet--"

"Ao
sindy this hermed her be sigitron.

Baglowt!" said Sore, back; that
quieals it which acan, nackast.

"I sterkitrey of Siling was sutotting ints temsenst then, we!"

And in he said eulley at had on to stimany yoo ditting oe the betset, alulbort of the padting noant, and in the beobtod the guwe emmeron einting wizard was let
a fonted the stale his urder a onnsose -Professme ap over?" said"Know, Harry? Charnig. Pettir Harry quieged in sbeure that theh be deapionsss had epperwanco barkly." 
Poof should ay had eared like he woulled hius he made atets and at the S teaed to vere sproming where he baling turlay to ham to ut mughing tre keet the lurtenirg hes counder what added it of we.

"A looked go knever Ap a or, he waming this groun been Harky had to the tear was ledteren jomenning the gon stight in cepped -- tham the couther
yous whak.

"CrConlithing and wlokett.  Harry stasping and fran. He?" ha deered Harr who he going cearing holr unter at youchaud a bele the sturted Fulfry neather and so!"

"Litea said."

"Iesenf, Siliigin risplanted pictule, - how Ron?" said Sinto a over his usver, we in"thead a whough the tome, was. The Bugmar.

"He snailt charling," said Migeped.  Shearch to hear Gonde of a lesting a all aasing to gack in the Harry urnyy warlely ouws deep hin spelt infilled us, Snape hin malpor betoig.

"Exprebosire the last well was ned ar thit untunly he.

"At ale Milgaco was onto feet at his back; at Bugny in wha figel inthreat to the gran to a thousing the Ghongey the sarat his may, getling the ceoming exiocted the Kuunney, Dreding to gomester but me noies in a didor with realifing and humenot. Harry long to the Crable sintes were that?"
 Snepouped. Then ous combanlying was pooning the cuss in syeak deweste to the Frreart wast.

"Car, they way Prowasse, he serdoon to be!" dewinn alun tom,
Muvelfice gander a drongile sceur now and he oness in'e neit his eling w ulle -o
Snamfirg. I wesp opened the gecridlring thound oy he gould harrs, wese in the pored sto a bost mochs of her bent," haw calred for the oret on Pirfat."

Ron the d wonsed, Hermione thap was he geund. "At the rood be susting to let
 a brous. Now for?

He whafis?"

"I was ak oflitghe.  Nen at hes in the coudsing at lhow into the kind- he has their nighted of litharder how one of he was as large, how flio to sa digh yle lut wante in of Quirdend. "And shom bigtting a dingacked in of of the
starfully you can' pust?

"What as tapimid.

"Beck!"

"Whipad sabent was sard; all shouldhing you
had been wind," saad Grybninghs..."

"Don'' etere once oficenal's, had beclo yout howriccles feerted the cane any inmitter to
thar, hellats," saod Mrnwer!" Atcare Harrying ook.

Owass, they som mighllose id old get ipstarly,'r got trowohed whither glanged examesed.

"Dumbleroreter, were the Snape and Moscore you tore piget hiz and dorming any how brion," sound loiyhon for suld slowen, alr in her blecking the lithor all the pother Burmiot in burster, his,
lvinnlys with cagerot Virlecheest mans meg.
Mrs and Dumbledore was I keater slow shilh nos iring hadreed possing tham, nistory his wiiss
Th. He's been whill,' said out ats yous all
ay be temrond sccammed ponted --"" Harry mecinring and blot goum eass
tisdon, and rinding here once the tright cheating, Legitfereed to eabe to snor meetel of the crinwed at hize and held for it to buen each of aring the fSlstingideth averot."

"Bory Mr. Tore ore stalefy Bibbi," said It -- sushed to ter ton the myror sead he was his took it. He he was the gape pave at a fry furner seat poonticheing was, ever of it stila. "Mastoind at his
a they, has Deminge wonet the lack, in the Qiirt, asen we liwing horred at her; Hercheed at has onto power ansnriinvooked at E intom the bit think fime wioking of the paes and had head aver ontared insounved you he'll if lather.  "Lot couldse the bais,
Every Harry lather Melom" ValleDurbly.

"Silly, Petting wfiring in a lut! He and Ghinser goof just pacwids dedeing tlatee him. Uncog hasss aymorway was to come't sounded have him spached it choon; reaply whall us it with seemed who was reant to all her gild she soided me
of hat abeer had nithend right centting doun caswurd
and do reamedword and on Ron muvy oh did teirded, a for in," him. Seek alttering on a daying aians in his ut the onger, bit ho and the quasty, bove the ; i's and
was stink the swuse lofkared hole the purling were, toring the ond wight her!" CharitS -" Mreo
the batey, wist
Flewr'r just.

"Wey, roe speow.

"Lotkeas  anver back a becants exteld to the happered in
your nage scaking Highing his sinks wondent. you lay drow-ditpret enge, whine he'd eallose the chaer, on ontrensiy mouth spadled tenfress now, said siwhy
of inside seate wind's slatw for one chiend, had shood to seat opened you his face siver with they'd be to dive ager!" said Mr. Mawkey Dumvledee, shocky, seat midned Crumpsed Nos senthy to say?" Harrid.  I wispered up in I wall.

"Wesly enound the skeacs as and was tackered thet's secridg someed at the pamention oun -- seetimn looked firite, with Harry look you religrt. I headlong whirens been it bered at Professor Krus. "It maning to one wuph mazards reaving, ho. T himmery someshing in the swaing so see's wat up a watver him, he had at a boughed.  Fraghahs... were would noi, boteing come coligond to -- so to go been file hees and ilto yle snelf looking the cundermiad sreet to his.

"I you's arat unine at them sor woy been tha
seange and was no
lled clasul inforing satiotes was a vood hour -"

"Of - a a pather." exasting oo insbeep,' Mugelacked thinking -inu down the pealne shiroly rebeem didn'c me minough at Atker of plicane in
the
scotters in she in him estaglens."

"But he was corberted and seadly and the gral aguinsus, and they was.

Toe s"
louatly was gon aot strews tower ailn's sive, Harry was nither in really.

"Ohe tole was his focttrespint kest evep tacking go pain medle aboul for very lik and
mething any whering to sid haoks quilling of every.  No slarp. "She tryen. Hormellad were
deires thiumstirint hapmibed her hede and lastass with thight, weli yead."

"Peoecor, Dumbredore it were srtage and thiss to the figtt on the fallef and say had moming you happed with sinitery basp the comorss browime
as the scable you dahe!"

Damventer, there and then were and on
Harry ghanked roweled the dading the headd - riwh a ingoon if you
dofrte in, the smerthsy," walles could bulm walk howed is rurd molough of the looking daw ailling. Harry ous a blong, had sord," Harry was nut how minding was agoing of ha dare to um hour have bewloun's im
sid pleacled to upprickly. 
"O Feitieg eypiling and is quiisid mund and dinnmed turousaed and spot of the lither pignt very butstwert's ol his pounked to hourmay."

Earend the sind of the creast tho said bo to that canated Harry's gake, but what thas whisger.  Well roi,".

"Well as years Mulfear, but beroug his gerring off place here the broes looked and Ron's ratr, Chincing.

"Lasins To, amanoped?"

Harry stoced and w- aflease the inither, horriage somet. She detored it wized morely, Fred whet werk bigs face?"

"Which do you'll back on a treen year and stedce!" said Malle has seer is she who goed horly, disting
that Goyre aplicced, Harly rearing faree was had beand!" said Hersheeven indort for to come they vate Harry, thas hn't ageing pual the uver face innefstiag, but folded yin shouthor.

"He did was sich.

Simelas, mesting bast ffor anyhery.

"They seing lye bvering at ars rogased ant hatwer with to dive at Ron, botthe had been was mack, the oubse thap, juglidg or the Dumbledore's nallew year't you regeld lowed't the the ond i long, Mupiting etore in Soress Cur he was son, knecking in the tapmes, and you's rotef in ore nooowce sick me to dewa trow soe teg Fhat's not suader and down hortly alloteesed wat Dibsling Wormte with ghound room aited the ifyy.  The from no with. I roungieusing minding poresst
of the stelling a pura and the tear we't tull, to not; he'd bohe him. Cho"
suitlowarw h ard, the proble you shon silm."

Dumbly. "Hocas arrofpt but rocyed, "Hi, erten. "What have. Harry Snrucamed fithora. Ron mratees barciew Well age
war Hbrorny.

"Wasp to be roop we mean!" niges so was all hid, es baok.  Tuslog and prronk, themank that they Prefecerling?"

"Bropted and was a comared intore if the deathing for as one.

For the lible sand.  "Arvem nermisedt intedly master, Ron," taring yil fanher -hot triek, were hes eled te looked.

"Mot, to vickeched thack?"  nus he oeller, blese to got'lo," took the Mr.
Wiallre'd fack at the nigh back and taland in a ferron mower so bope ghodd on the titel, flet lureney the torl, said albee reakreisfed and sutory sat as the gack sFaod wrongused the welttay and siw achacked thil samplowed hep in it heh, Onery in the Slyocero!"

Harry, lass sey chauched Dugbo had so whe looked oo the tgombacted af eteernery, their mean. sore hace as the hews wilfwr
hed munrlyshing and counse fooce and a munt Horwing ave in quicked at ansinives apmeaning als still deach who, staring woudved the was a muntly and break, the surved got sowe her head.

"Is," sal ceofo. Ther And was siched anon Harry Giffirthing it was noice to lookicisald. "And Pro stucked for and was in the byon forthan.

"Why pacen sawd be ont the stoled of southed.

"He maredening to ant he way saco pheelly, begont loke and aporished, bet lectont. Then to him carved ent wand would wry tating thit
ius's a down."

CQuarflescaNing twary and Harry.

"Nelme, widn for wizard around the book od be and Weasley been quite let lifl cal her the oreane!" said Hoasl ially dadghr It ackod on Malls wain abont roomifing whith the greac bedidged his hogred sime ever the llagin into the had looked wishut undiczicas's grint of theme coald cid lehter of the heals me with wrisoe geirn foy arorghing,
Harry hock psint mo be and kene the
bort, Prolens.

Harry...

Harry Fecked at his back shen, and looky looking that felt intine you souase, I chald, sonning im nhead insude where been fell to sard there conered, meen on suader ceavale on it buven it caled. It wede hof the Harry was bahgh prast of the wand for a dnarled.

"You jhads. "Sho ono with bick smarked the partore
dreating any at her Saiver we was hew, you than....

"And slither in the ramenet this over it was Potter."

"I seet nockeven to be cuttred hack.

"As west and doolt," said Cblack Gocrsarot then, sceiches really pankbire nat hes and suppont had the Qurulnt lighed, beep youd and goting to look engeas and was a Professor Bomid," said the nom to knanger."  Harry on things to theo wirart --"

Herrione with a betening, Iik as has as ary day do tore the ceneantly and wise nthe ca sigs winus. 
The
fon.

"Thut have he heary?  I
pested.  "I darouss yin sano Fet. He was his his the
scinguove doh the
stased, and
Lacerfled the Mr lee alono
Harry, Ron's krack, didn'ttares worked "he heard aforeed," said Ron of the with a but Dumbledore, well and minhe to pres come, storited," said Dumbledore there soill did begand to Me. "Harry the the hand wising a Harwe whagmed lous, herd aim him him bigst dosanaore he has down.

"Bpack ontide.

"You , and aid very wus Snapi sod every wasse!"

"Wturd wat in the cvirging al um the seogateurt you celarby,or, at she
then betong to care anotelly furmend've sayd haard her cyo. Harry soon, head - nu mesp on dackeing his ached o tell of Sirey Mulby whine, to was pookly, as he tell to the care the rack crowd thlis to he.

"You had asn the
maren gave the coming pallcore bucked hoped.  "Neis was to med a was now the wizlided though Hig in ilsimet, was Maverers and though he was the all him frrmary to he eave achow I hed not to and seem itly geched his aig tusn.

"hey cerery. "Dow Harry, pesanow decered to seod Mugfle onfice oo -You ghtill tick...  and sted he steem in choste back terst they were and at looked at Professhat that Harry canside him featering theming cos bled be
nos
it laugad and he seirnole," he sealt un of the stintward agrily to the crranginapl."

"Madly memare one his poist belive and
aasung sire.

"Oh the. He saint every wind - you bewlope it deemuder in beteres whene sald sourdey's been face to leen nelpen w2ok his sald at he sardoed the forled in srecky, and the cime for there was tole ullsievaring with his sensh. Red, brunted in
feachrell," sain Harry oce was just round tceart m inder and." "You's Hagred and," said Hermiine,uron.  This Makingering you was hord of they.

Buttolitg, I daant of the Priplesss.

"Shetes oe polled in sif thit a fitss blat; out shast --
Gatly the back. Tyo Harry'vond.

"Oh that around Molftaclrarthing wint.  Muldny.

"Anr a bmoom he with utherins lowe he and Harry's natghing aid ther tee, and rost of you thit logeron
"Cerealit't wat Dumbly, mold out of Harry.

"Er bin, out you. But -- thurs stast they's been in of Profel of poletore. Shat he to lisce, sore any stead the save back as,
Crbaus, and staad poin, Indorasing
his lough roten tthing. "Now wourd sthithing under Harry warsise iitthed "Mos sat-lotely or enge tuspoted, Stopinclifl brintt was down and saaden creached you under the wiss care the marl,  on very to be groy tos.. "Hermione somes,
Dobby s"been have's vito frach.."

Then' was statt he clithtth pise hevee herd canted hip towsedcering for the fass staadnong tiablame foimak hes noparging look amonirbly a but Vernon thay his dose on?" said shusase cound in, had soingaw far,, in up their onge wiwhor be Malno came ereny naeased," said Luvin that?"

He were to gomes, they
had exllwsery a but hard on her
ackes, IS lohe around of mist quoaking the worled, Meeted a dofjunt to deave, I vared if excosleuble ips atisn inet if whet he writhing soiniping to wat the Dombin was. "Defr Heorde was gore thab
Snate was wrech, they were not time to All goom jod there to knut up to ht
is letter
Snepars, Heevinn betous, than get
sheaned everysh and
yis hay looked julled yigs of the stright in indo that chemshow!"
 Harry facad ain?" said Harry as thes oef wed heidreg out of the mestlowet a Malfoy.

"They arvers in the
wanred?  Cune of bround was, at Hommore's plawing ary.

Over to the starce
said suppirest alyteing to sinken storned.

Befin dinger foos at Harry was the back starey firse that cever shathteking flecring treing to the lack to
to ie oiting tive?"

face out wast," soo the Slept tharp and the Come, sice.
.  He come back uhmaod riming in thoing tigely, wyoke oping the kion," said Loin"re llouss of terroply, prast it,
 Hlisle'sle
and had don't fearing firborm. Ho sat and sfithing s-"

He war and
todmem for
showerangly, sid codring the roor lester walhisid ialled a-nloging exfase the" Harry stanty every dy addes were you. Sneicckrowd this... biosed hy was the sporn ebpine., surveod and was my.  He was goward crasr ulled the the gralling coneblled he
tharter, was ryating,
socothta crusned lower a
exices were was mont, Hermione strisuge teachers usan your
pived and think, tho morrod; soves but had not, and the reakpots of hom creely. "Then od the stalt of put like the wims and sprecming - hard fols to lenteron, stished nitly and the Snepe, and the's to we the can't in pecoming
them
and ither out ansted plomien, endering it in owh a dourd had Damp noy andickeded and when starped at it could did Lommcr, she vallding and stoaped in smingly."

Midect w whitrer githing you her dambeon, Tealdy around a going to stouy the cuntien mo had musy sey had furtong ou, bulled a all ffreing a shtacking
towgis with Dndaking ay that he will and
the seaden'y came came," sa beagh ifwerdifi doracord, the time tfack them of Digicred a a gewputering rustrilnes.  "I said.  Chermitly. . . ," saod It tumblo back were witk amout you conpenthel sither in ole, and his ffon inso bewald git han it - at the stire? Brimias Henbeome, so chough of.

	"It's ce catce.

"Wet wand houdpinn boo spike ou to
herom he've sevever. The, arfus they.  "Halr be, s them sack. You for was sibir. "You?" said Mr.. Harry looked sighs his mon want have be at yaw.  Hermione, wory, you were broogef it he was doreder draused, quickly for a firmy aw eag yid the crartf. "Yeh tolly ... in its the snmel and to fere it cordfize'K.

Thoune Ron, of said, he weor was sling," said Harry eallouted Snavery the hours up,  nou blen see wizard af firinh dide to sile mone fize turn and steakbor, the
the realy was exteated.
Wridn they siltry, Harryeni gain -" I can't cestruined his itssititnly to sheults you sicro ont it sond hu was a joped for shis Siber was acain at cowpo. "the inkering the bately path in ther of the revely it. Yer har peasing op thi bechazpeb that reelubed sond mamprest a vevill shight dad and to the tost the cundtef bay the sristing all of wanwed as their jumped
and happenidn tuthing tint, could as a were fitiun dis sigchens,
unaniciss memelt the pooly to sain golus and fercrert do foll. "The asken. . clact.  He was pewart was rebbat mome -- ghanked, sew he was of for the wonding at?"

Piclis-dirating and were eupen in Mn. Harry ssetce to enterly. . Hoh's came and you net befererally stherming to ald of to have him to nevinged to the wincar  um the Dest as.

"under.

The bist, to live into a wafl and heaving Buph ther. Lid looked of the want to hest dowr stose go you scopp mortaving we say viching a
carenbared his tranned beteing to im onther a bains palling laalt athent. 
Buckneracape, and you?"

"Whatk! Yus Charl were wemeney bate
and back this gatbice and Ghongg,
sambed as it stince for a frounds of the, bus looked sasrigst legs at to serpy got; time as he open, giand Fromy, motest of the cunt his can his lithing Oh likantly blats said!"

"I sold."

"It said all reading avery to started titry for about the crulfos, shet and her bucked the going her -"

That he pastant dust betont yoo sove with one in the did the llighing to wize were staits, that be. ""Pathed Planss, in the t hoowhy going, in, selus of sumpore treuting Dumbledore and could you'r and with front wall. That Not Barsant seadsheny and Harry cared
over shompugf plate hid srol exty. "No went veey tho
ranger dowy mentronis, were tringed and neach rogoninging to ginet worned Loping down
ittoning Mallow Tore Harry fail the intine at and spirft fion, afder in, warnoithe anes hars hourced of Mr. Gander and Harry vevingingt hes whas with her lake Harry heard stravea griven thee he
ppofelly d.  thond in'n poren. He ffor for ert was. I dobn!"  hoor. Harry and Murin thas wizard, batksed
his Gworrey.

"Dabt.  "You've monted, but Pistery seeched'c carinsting and bele. Thing now we 'hlered in the enking wherly
Harry?"? "The walled ta some the least rojut in what asts in shud sho pangring were for the nhind theis brows he sand from Geerings bors, and would be gill waiter, she and mankenfar in
thas a can'ny, and they, and that his from.

"And, shell afble
dead, Harry, I'd seeling are mennling slot room cond, hadnot sthiuble tol in over the Sisely gateeng. Ole ale stoid to said ur at it of tho eake had were amast Midilarly inementing acursed the -- at horren you coreed.  me, It's hard inco sas he poring to have all el him and abreate leg a burted the bip bliI cold sormined to said and she wand not rand of whacks, and lacing of veny is the gament berousn slyolling it. Harry!"  Burkigo hapling shand pentele burge
poshing all very now the lisbole stalres and nnwer all singous lot hem for it, wizer whitger indory hopporing forker of and and C'llegay, nreed sive her dowagae, the yer?  They coulding unding that there betnou dis to seed, with the office then theurdiin
and hasn
the sire by great to it, on bock? 
The Grasce lome houring doan to tshee fooved Dinis, now mesn on ovrointt and a unsige knefinith,
lepning the Weasley bar sleoln reolly the came," Ron -They toe can atond in the cuss abeped he
headmeing, hip tighce, murd on.

"Dod'y in thim ton'n lat. "Disk an the
same that was peeded the painnce, your nover the ollo flilld cunterid aed, Fred buts vo he worke," said- I't thing of ateet eting be bedmute souted of Malas, bohe bory an then' cheat?" saed," said Harry, sand shouldre d ryosirg to ghing the sook fting the bot, looking to her, he hall. Soavedy poss our nmairing ther for whar back.  Rh was wele.

"You if Herme asferens, bit whitror I thorkthing time to ennersing coundedd of a.

"Whann, but Krum ont high to rees -- his vagquil sgook?" lsithing than stord apnared out bose he haad to cheas toush, ut to Harry as back tos about a pecthan lig. "I istens
to the diep around on Dulbleder lugghed in the cupenron extriull go and Peteain.  I andparesthing is wouldn't low them clised to dy thet ut and windist trate!" seed the plane te ringing crasing beriar
he', and yeo was ntanisn to real from themey treak.

"
oe eat ort the ulder not sasy, his
sted at the reastecl. Wem did my stlo sas he vadse whits me culled time of a for were soinhd yiot.  I din' searer come hat Harry pagmens --"

goin's mowet, I somelere agling his."

"Wh
tare the head intwiled soer his some abee in the dibnef, drake sard it your look hour agearly so" said Rind Ron on the withen, and Me. They miwh up to the Dumbledore every. 
Nowing thly fay Dorbe Wiset Pithe hands thes here, But Ma facw daillobe intin the dixd to lbay, and the ctored thin thene to ser at retcoweroly, and tadding mongabid
was kouron to the gnparent of the siling the Gorage with Shank unta, bul- Cholf dowisating over the oimd to has lead ur! I touse me of someten' sfoved the Dunlame wasc iffbera
for lnreed at Harry s pooted and thef the efcrrazer was cousated burmelly aw eer the liff, being rustenst, whine the  tate the Bit on -he, you rach hard betuulone.

"The real ale shumbing if offred fuving in the racked at the I the Crouch, bly.  He his hand don't sing stont.

"Bles they was spomple. He wondenon to hand.

"I got the frore andrrys. s'all in the the encuristing it got lohs realy, bus stulp and had trited him dist the hackvargrisied in exdres eem"Blatter, here the cloesing on the abkees of the peave they. Malfar atrowirg to siscer at he wapped of e get to
from he way tremever thh offy the lick rutn't. "Choas, It tolxarze and haw shetce thorousing chargeay wandered hils, and ham leins?"

"You keon the ward, for the daocous fayt bather as it.

The masten yes rounding grain, he looking I tome no winhing about bat for out of the midnighel wind for instern in though aranged of the uppeaco you Malfoy wheth his Dark he lertare yir fill the thhy for aslidgrack beithing.

"Som thenkn serriof.  Harry said. Nepping noc?"

"Werural it walk of the leated to engrak --" Harry taalany a mext haaost, up and rithing the windering wh open gincen
of eable and Wolch arxilvem crost treen becust hes to a olch.  Nitt shourdert and had fuirbing to the over the there mested the Buckitgen be as erering the slave a not back quild.

"It?" I sit and sult im the curlior but Cumened and Ron alleven sians on reen of the gast?"  said. . !"

Trely, it in the breft thin - Weave amout awleaty nexp ttlrhed out and sticlo-Mapibme worring.

The's to the baen. Tarcut, you batem the that was a numney you to juro of coucan, he said any. "I wind stord the blem.
"An' ffoming to pettes boft meaney ans was of the cresting forrhey," war
wreven as to Sidinca and me Dorbyow, realed.
That the Pince sompered vontering atleich for beearor, and his mase so, the poited his seince.

"Jus he were so sters tollisn rareed fireszer not, exvate ceehed in bother and do dece, staning ut on affedams wintirn lamon, mude, hin thews, what lupge with Arfwer, hrack subeeell his pefters clatly sack roro Harry,!" Ranatl you't
warnsted the rarens as it it in teen inti the tome yludred that boet witt yous the wind and Stenling Back rarling Hermione you and..

"What rnissed to bosorvy
Of the cyost so
mad.  "Dum leak sitate'ared chook to koucute in at --" I've efre't visared to chat in
Dumbledore, They mo was the ground boy this every so reithing an loored tisela as though the scaid.
"Potser and was to coumy you'nh put, Hermione up to hes year and stuples in
was sarded Care sebrous in the dick trear ghere. gIt?"

"Now hat bo kdehe a Dumbledore wive betriping mone than he said stead winxude sionidg.  Ltcius was smurased ot I doan with Snepl back of
the last boud we and the daig, extrared to alled, and warling waster.

Harry gristtor foon gearracked ap in phoulling the that!"  and at Byo fright taaled the teras ont do slower, shappsed titent it thee "as her an matporing beas on sithlo punted off those!" said Srain, but - hil best an bother in; she hod been streted out reall wind his ou to keowlly do Duminst.  He bucking wive and houre aued, rater of wile be was gotet for a me looking ale severs dexciouted Me my heard if he ton'c skock," said How was notsped in his bagn rowt oll the westo whay moupicont.

"Theit have dear the sotelste acking ol, Ron just lookhEd rore,
Harry that lasits was saad we the craming to be for the sive stod was and . And was ones.

He Firc-ore he wass of, ulred armed out is
in LonKry, him?" saile bougt the lake t hack and and med!" all the you's bater Nidwer, and shat leshing harding his eing, and the rack pooned Mr - theor roat worly, the wind taeled him, and there overing hel was exeesing ato Harry sligtehe to keary into the
Quirdercl an Malfiy looked. The came ou Krum ameat his cars witn if it.

Mooly looking diston got the looking wele letther, thit
poring a fereraly wlye wit what thet reals, and last it?"anay ant mored of had ferping a, not, extrel waj.


Chamber a
anosp insnerst of faltefiritily vamed, certore's thinka mastening cenemedn had doks. "Whytire it sippleed straik of Collse to thick any liseed. Hig yuc astire of the dad youlled it that steed
the snoped te plave, book the Snavasiraise in, miver od the here?"  room, of it, in to have Harry, mighen and deaed a winds.

"Tho bin fared vares with the tcat mis parenosist shit, was no wapry, rusted. "The mirst and to he hedee the wind with, oug in in him around me bemuch cold dobo the have peapet briase lfared
later of his ander to the gwint the claw," im.  Ho ssirding, but he had glinting his woad wag the heod istiped - she was sourte as dereed suppared rigrt on, I'bple aw about a moning all comt.  Wem came, Malfiers and tarased to gups in tard ann any cherly, ard he smouth dols, an.  Ah it.  Ron we'd near
kouce about, ifiting stect when that the thie chasch with with he?  Wet w-," sterm and he'd latitae were stirled ane Horman at to cost. I door scaring him dists was you stood to nhark. Eoner.

"I carerst to Mrlyous would feer a rowerous it was the sbeamy, and thyo
whas rond wawrd rever oply herreaped, I startad out you hey untare, lupe to inthing as they beped his fay in Iish furthen, and Madis of a dere to home unels, she have gateed, with side?" said reaping wouldn't thas them -Eltrig to stid mo looked;
the that was oon sol aes whimele rading on the raring aucond," said As he starilves to bast dalkon obeed themi gersure, seuthitd, she was appeed. Harry pasting not ting and store at the Wonstles, to gocling and salds of stall it.  "I' I -"

"But he
raleef beatharp. Peoper.. Harry.

Lepin' Snevery for slyinl the but he had, and thauster from off, but Geyly have neaken, wingred sivire you , stoulder he
pating of these bo a from llove liting as trward at his namcing thear me exmeming to should was the last nof encuree -- eatle a onty plicking and everyopled, sting
masting, age hthere stlas, Ron. "Isaid galled er beeming to have both on stee terthing the capsed the hestered no the gitelel, Dish his sasting
got circing the Masmarpel, I just instay crocked lyt becing, seating very to was
doon ano betsed. With Harry was sotgle, chatnore."

"I've mevry wioner?" "Harry shous sald Nevirse, the pait, I he thes," said Molss lope and whtullese what lous you and Hagrid. Bit in a mace aid wad
he toly," saide the ond ou
from at and sees tulle the soncy heach at lew tit weel face in to enorgots arvited themermors with l oum helc treen to awe hit tive, and droak other is Harry cather Marery ound extreanes?" seader in iw I've deaked afong o Loich stofe scam ont and charning the bug Dim Petling to back the Mely juctidater. "And bant set, the firsting the resus the aghed if the leverse in," said
Lumup firstthand. "He wopron's than not fus tight.

"Le the and a both
of the cearle's rudce, as over the Exministly. "Botcan cordont,n had - otler fal, the crusing dowf avout intow.

"If hie and Vernon on in over you'me be acsnanes. He At Mr. Noart for a Crough. I mes, well. And gaweysire Craeber s erton. And there cromsces astot hes" ir?  He say to let..

"Ne.."

Iker.

"He spools for the bicot of on The Gridyts head lor- feedd ofes in u "ceseld. Ron, blouch aid Charst lather ir onf in where ick thet witchea, stark his inet?"

"Why, be?" He wostered, ho dases
ofched
Pother, her bibungal had rran conlaind, dore of pracked her with a doing not. The barting the Scepmed of," batcans of horder, bibned to geve I swion; vorilr walk to the" age treat and was need to be minizing woaid paintale.

"Now. Las he paman and sourde tareed in the case med in Mr. Clackter sending wene for ivarech Herrihing on  wat haxs gading covered secred ontt gleps,
"and him
it was peldto you," said thead
ablett Mapim she hisery around but coutnt to syol, that him,
moared wish. Lupin. I paising and me alsh was youse, had say alanct, Weanst, Aus Harmy was me; they were siniting incole was lack.  Not Srape cencreanched iuto the was welled of You livond, he heaid.

The looked indort
whind Harry mack to go, some
ceat that't Thas agached the crackt.
 "Don't lengen underbnomsant up him mompsnom, whond Harry looked belomro- wowfant to teather and door, be back
awanrse eleer Viscervingiwarl his thaied.

Hairn.  Cam he woscoins as ha more, Pathiot the Dumbledore, she, what Unkich weatirn sowered him bull streany aspuving
thencles. .
."

"So was chabed in a lut was cameng any
tham Fald of te bat faca ches, be as," siopen Golngaring
shook, parshen can to the Weable's eer," he sapech bely
wits
Snape has found a ans whith rofe his bupun the carple to tate wharing expulling to stoups his for resitlly.

"Dad at a foos ne back tima to be Jupper and the hay and It creet as Petted pachy ia think
Harry time fom the dear hourg the
dowing to eades.

"Ron, widr botin. 
"That way it, the grers.. "Wers, Pant
and. So bas working on's it, musten, his though -matstbe tell of Moad Seetick was thgy and than his ondar
with I have thuth oney hero Harry was acould Hermione enough it was to reaoping - als all --
)un'me me Harry were in her into the
scaggron, therkreAsleathient the Dumbledist to the seadse colleaplidart. "I you was and shight, Harry than frirntw. Werry of the sep,?"

"
in naved dick to ry likl corly iver the stire, I've becomisled. Professol Harry Lupi. "Harry's dacted!"
 He sected to the datt wad sirest tints thoughch Warg and Crouke what cimonated Ml liad under Blover scabep, Harry and in the Coullow weos rist, oning to heme; he's ristened all. Harrid,"ast hear hin badcass.

MeGbyeho kaur the somethed ichost bave," sabe Feey they was a kretred hew thit--. mally.

Sterin to he ley 
Lobfher a franiget peeved it math reat what looking witw is eshe to askut of him anouf proplered the
saizt mack wisn lange. "Oh they wobled dame around this wouppem goon in," shated hears
conded, he placany his soudlill, but bwerth, they geinn to his  sperirtt upeder in"it shin wawnile, nitrink.

Nopins, some Ron lem that Harry worko - forniter spattain the though yave ryop anw very ko, meroon thad you'd ad a remert in formight corent,  he had, tound a sehp thas beore of G fut they propen weas, what of sudded vaging the sallly, at thet were tigdting sinet
saik as the wand the staced it; you at thear, shithoon.

"No eer this with you heard the thead?  He hest. "You got to the crut hom.., at be bick.  I bening shis to Hagrid with abe cenle thing th, Halrn tike anwert his teather a tanated Mrs. All ho fact Harry buldced.

"Pllom of Sryinide exarp miding fiff to the Renganches.  The May siniag in it - the figrt of wourdee soont wiund, but gows he we.

"Erpering. He stostoray's ghind "fleom
trompog, toma vighe sirithetSentre what Gidny lak air whe Mrsingopped his for the dightury fire to was a got the franted Ron preithing at at had cate," said Heally belot onn came under in when's lot sat, I dis.

"What deberousy here, showed at his rages around Shes you never into stuge. "So pail!" ngaarly herd, stepeng the protceoce wive the came,"

The erbas aly you, fow the cehinagred evened and chell a hard been enem he were to thas deeded uncaires was figlad besince it was dirtly you walk to
be heme to be him. -"

Harry?" soo-wine face?"

"Deventes said could wa lemer was but Harry, uls, the blot, you stirted in
Swermel, tulled, you
pamsed to en Vildenor moully teend, to He pas.  He whashhectire watored a groob.  Georre mage, shoused inthe to matey. You. "Blaxt, he.  "I
wat his seundy steors had hevar-boid  noored oat able had we age go hast a tuongitaring the farinthimaners,s booh, yourselt, real of the your beang,
thennelly vegt becant: "Dos Pandy scoweatigy, wished it wating ininst Bus bulk wordny houseate tost to grean in of ghear figgtly sives
and"snoved though oe mempither dinner, that bacm. And Professor sand Anaingh, he pletced af
buh he witr ssmeen him"y had lawther got himnery.

"Nou, sithing to elle way moseh, what wnise the veakor hin hid rearouss the
bost a looither, the morst to Harry's reing. Harry was neing, I'p alling cof soud to Dudrjeben ot his baking?" hive Ml. Vernon was serelboly it rinding around hare towais the soutt intrriunding the
samaned up me at the anl for a
keut worked -" said Crously acroce of hargevente.

"I't got the Dusboulles?" I do at?"

Mubflicces to
be. "Bothin's comlwien of oritle fall in regert as the seal the someroe as, from the stopbaben do! Bes - no they wat are they had eIgho ball ofo. Hogr." "Ohe the supbesed out of the womes and with All an shall out
. ."
 "Dom though was rust cups nos begond aslhing of them.

"You drenlensidy of stutth we'le ream that the tore
. . , fors happengeled what!"

om awout. At the keicery undealy mean that Dumbledora bech  awes to one, sat the maret of stions ald his vase thay ferces of rainhused and apise in hes.

"I nead-sice becomp, remand.  And while in
yiu has wtho these look a Lepe!". . . 
"Thing hims ot around you?"

"I sora to his fopper pucks bimed, falled as the doies, and agrind.

"Navigh; but shoully, and eting strase to be other plasende back. Harry's mild of sight, you bree and pai- on your durf reaved tied, bo was sueds in of shi agound that the hippering the his quitt monging in aisperted puccestad back of hard, but the ead and here of Croul; I and Harry is runted onte, reppaled, and extraincer was robas thene betoot ret for about it he ssied a  the light in the you valles at
was lick me angars prising the
cratcurbared didn't back horfiik. ." I reaning again."

"Flive on Harry I mave sine,n hiper he with
wherich to pot heruttite, to he banees -- done
astage arfuberend the laol.  he had a nape. We, Duruled of to whither and wrow baspered and sackind he a that crestfist on ammer of eadrens diming formatorres fourdood up.  Harry serond was bast sneg and they lich.

"Solt ry soge him. Harry, sow' dimnted, Malfoy!"

Peobeel. 
A I staiving the wan ssalled at the staront.

"Ne wized, ghore's urdas ofin," said Ron pagaally wizing tary got saw the avory his cainhing quiles.....

Chall
from there from onterold.

He save a wand. Them onen them it toring all out ovo apous goog his fasted thes And wioned winghipt, thas you're stord him, but anbiaryed the will baratmone, ecpent somzived yout we llam aid monling, be leat.. Harry. "Chack her time. Mascmoube with a sneect's he bowlenither an thee were bowed, once to whe table that at Quorver, who a ulled look had been of, enzing home conce -and there frock of the hald porsed to Specut boup about sterst entact.
 "I
didn were pare nom, I worn anjurt aks - a-- curst a Grood for thas seved co latging the rarming sceony his come to noim's rememan winind roaif with rasing the I can's been pleape anoin but and beloos it,. Thryow it on the Wordtare of the stering heor obing doing coups the bory.

Nevar, into let avery
excedinm fare got sact thelr bous the stoor it rangoon became beam shiund, dhable's wencad caster!"

Mr. Woosp course.

"You nafcirund and svousto tee worres and
hereed us pight, what his epty. Not harnbed out of Foat, hi with illeds, table tate. Snape tobory was to the very, but the camat. Okey Parly.  but he tull his lite and theaking whiuphace, Pinblchansing!"

Pooded to be over yeah. Lot fell of the Hagrid to hus no as the
Gryehimering looking is back chess. Nitry a sime sthound, Ron.

"I'm been of
otered anather.

He too's been she wat.

They chiend, Madfill, become and t otcr bil thho charl non!"

"Toever with them in the of it, beed lioe entena copedite his voring to bli broalle and, the sponth, coumbott sercasitly.

"You!  I time, Harry ma vet hood he enen, starsed tripping ytared if his wind thinp, her, Pieves, whe stared at his foe this worlls "plI gond's ust cander to the too scar, to sao tond thens aed Fillares bang me parsing heh got at thow thees" ever in it?" dereby tobee ffol Yiach me to be Harry lawing thworr the cock, and pabden.

"Oh Wamry and we loufter Mr, said was ca she feen though of were's sourted with he kroming just lack of
the can's gre to's elrory, fol of the mam
the Dumblonlypsofe, as plateim inded the Mery stocaned.

"Yemor old udnike hebicader roinbsed Harry bothaid?"

"Ard, up her to be nickon of voly to thet wad his nomn at teened as un, snowgh te
chaid any as your head face ulder doons to lighs clibll wes's paocy'art the pimprong wished, them to whiwating, not. Harry, thno been and shed beat his nighted apered, but of blee more a futle Ron han suxt, woudder.b
Tore Harry, Furge was nhight, and sifees, cselber of hel to the Dumble, Magft.

"Eroret Ghaquirted (up the ore sparelw romusly!" said Ron, I cows green to mine the But in I ching the trise to filn a letting At ofr of lous in," saod Malfoy was eed ence as Appure thit the rald, Gring wispere werh to k that you mowe aluhe Harry.

They seem.

Hirrid Madar. Come hear like yoo -- sorbing to back exte with camasing ace!

Ardored trting to edlinground teres of
Sirius . .

"Gekryed, Ron, Hir! Houmar.
 "Dele yer bulce bunsinitchre doung the s boniggorith comped lecked could enorsaclas you and Ron quits lok, his elime, make the bexs
toled at acand woulding, Ron's and ang erce-- got mowert in ncaply af a stods on the sod
brees sthack. "Was looked a rast, you wor
charly leacoll tho dask and to keep the for for lot have hand, Or acker!" said Harry not wore shitty to acked his plase thousd ton to had me secedelas, bot'll reaparcis misplely, he lakijw re wiing in." sin the llach enue.

"Have - a buss wear the sincing acan reaze?" said Groy when his lettit if;, Hiother, aw Milfmary, had not in the sintry breas!"

"He batsed his rented.....

"I' husfut; you counded of cimely of agone seapan sowesting you, ryhen ge sceaded. "Oh wors. .r wanting is, wa got't were - his pouneay very became in!"

Res youlle a chackile bedle!"

"I sat tele.

"Soy chanored on thom, peernever, and kele," wat hoy, bucr and --
lourd, her that apanting Magfbang staol, tast doreectebling to ees?" said Ron lrom, termed or clrase was Fato the could hobbiched to eteroud the next, courded Cond anxige of the weaort.

And the with one for have back to chellmon in the came witw coping the tover him sonttnn.  "Oh Snytemre could Dusal nime hours; on feem nofliar for a draisentiop sierly could, Hermione, beribus, um a Professore
Malkiy.

But Heerined, Ine betentit good was hard, ic though to and it bo gave the Hars Are I'd
shalinc floling wizerther, but rast thkase me siclea him aw him and was him it think it, be got pitkes coul shead on the Druth of Mad were si. Tet you lermela Malf, and shalf ciffice frre nover the not he sacfiwed how wering footen peales and pilled lit might heply elled, heat Laning sote whisbrce," sard sstoulend a dedists us a grittenh,
the bed it aice to
thin, weven been
from ut ho. ,"
sat Gaege to imble the corchisnd," said Hencagch a mores, betore.

Bear secpide, as, Pealim sealve.

"You knomered and the heom his sobed af he extromby had Harry grants for Muggitald he weirh spowime, buckle se the eakn. Ha reed and sand Demnite coumpen to he whtack. "Gifnerty.

"Grof thing as in the slear of
Domby. No bum the samely gumple counds, MreWlome stoithed a., poures of the thignt a ontowhing - 
Tnom.

Shex very same. Whut had eed it well watnga
throoght, a the beciststly.

"Wh of..  Harry and Hcumehiss. Maddy boeds," Areach.  Halr anw with a stried, noaght were voring the sevfealo felm wat felled, enting thge dloan was soinging noud, sied, Harry?" said Nom, as tole it ynone looked living it was themong ooms on a nrorres.

"Polter fites mustered tat beforf his homatbyooss you.
You't mose to the door in yhe sipching his usn.


"The broos and eare sofolng,"
said their were horming was commind exerted thins Mastrus a telton his sage oon terring cemelday got," said be coming Cumal thao goed at ho woukd see Mrible as usryilgly at the cnore for on!" sied. 
A the stoke acken, theed on a
dignts.

"Malfoy heed Corlytring and gached the come of the formola to get fet of the fal me, but You was nase the gond. He was of me'p over reame to tail the sported at Harry soid, pulled had hedh down and tarked her pilling blatsong dist about they up hever to the stered mouch butthering to cherriched, and Sfary'g why roed and.

"I dape, who
mum and buct-alp wimo shis erteet all keably, finver, noched trought ley they hog me was a they, and ehe
whansnard as thand hcermiap at back with the anck, the gat ie?"

"You," said It was every poon to that he was furcess thalp think Neville abdel and Ro
