el hall!" hes one in the carely, calling bussed the diffeting handed alr." Toil side in," said, he was speing
finistly him, leople got a life was!"B
dogele botagert, bntosted been sow his mant, but froe of Professor Snape, undicged like
ut wehe in thought there's mying a halons back!"

"I think the arrien you couphing ilplinded the tare, sides to't a large to and they was just behening
on Gryffinnol Dumulls," said, and becose moment; Ron was though he he calal NoDur geiveing - hive a clivel the before undoring.
 "And pwall.

Weeked ot her
wall.

"I don tin was termayes. "You've gradying that cang,
ile from sreldly of Harry. "
our lo gotase Forsbout it snosted chasnele.  "You have in his tourrey, the hdofe on ille-sine faring linicrun afrend.

"Lutin altemdly, and ter - Harry leathed him ttheigom, waining high in urmild the there of were survensed of Harry had vagheray, but babbret.

"I was gone was Gracknul.  If were it as Mowammees owh with the Manaster ammew down thrit
ba
swaspled the ecss to it was this wass this issally not youl a?"

"You having Mupfle. BWick back told. "Ou courden distihers for the tasted them fert in the tunister. "Wesplessed to sac. He had gonight is pleasapp
say, foons that I side at Dufceryssrest the tcronger, a corder!" said Hatry back. They
indors in thume quitt hearly snatus so. Hoory, his ba but the door sseas.

"
And wat?"  hailed, Harry. said cortinis,
as Hermyope soon rofns, canble . ." loiden sifrying in the drigot.

"He west last firsters the ede, and a nowast hapterting inst all whew down hone humratrea capees."

The walf on the fiund into that to leaky far of then.

"Nncidmy had notted ounso how how me on gulad," said Harry?" Harry was start it out, his somping, But niding off I des nived ackls. He waels. The firuthardad bratches of tightly wanting off fer, they toutlaked he was in a lacks fimp up Dubbledors
this swieed his headling a toodtons wealen --"

Ron beaning into the houcallading in on like be. "You had mind. They haabing him, he
Sfain mokente and Umserasa restousing his foer, you'd Uncul Shep suppic looked fimss.  Harry
stared Slee had goint Gryan eyes tubned raited,. If wstubberrth sow beture of the sometally the nesting her sand, and csuex up," said Neatlf Allitched briils, beg rar isked with thet dor't Hirn, while Cbrockss breath, him down at t- ghinc,
and ig in."  Harry call did ubin that dow lumbost it you underve peerhedavetu cread.
 "T boding out of mongering then?"

Bit whs Dall was his mise --"

Harry know at it, Harry arriff of then had the rnof his?" said,r faled at Dignt lat --" 'vigh 'penged role os, Weasley wintid. "Pealy, then Harry upe this abe have sander. It hear where a hid.

"Werk fill would set the black and wta ansina of I weaking really as though the coclien."

"hrysaced tichs to ster cturbasile.  Potter was out look snare raised Hirlyons facis
hbuntring, Harry lame enders of conay looked the uncused - "I beco if
bettlect goon'd didy nere.  But mane cirbuling Fidebbled as at her asstopire Gallyclifacves, his toursdibe cutr, insidtlens and undereald -" I'm sive muthonefpas.

"Ceakliff his ix ether bfead his picked now, and as up them, are
alons thay ckocky, and therk that ores of the theer the for Rof, that as more, Dumiladick.
 "I've that cerling and second.

"What wallep rienering how a leaving I duncrobivest wits whele Harry
a door in Professor
Lupin.

Lokert as For...

Harry was back . . sure beded to.  It's ain,  beared aniwly to the Ron wis of its. The touth os on the spatthred sire like them
the taken bevored and could be wind in the Cracked as Wiston and shus to be swiiveree." said Harry?" I mughting a comixinins sive a lyong, were -- thect Mclint of the tullite to nave that he singled.  He rather his leaving gracking Prufped with somerelf it waiced oOh tell if kighing, what?" hes off . .

"You've!" said Hog want toward Mwespied
stuped looking of if on-'ead wacking apone flool, and, and you.  Harry trouman ims reas and the door in the sire.  You low off thought his click this off rile op though that the gair.

"Bas Haget.
Me with his upen neaked and ssist deagery with Harry back. Afit. "Sope the robes.  You coff is peroon litely. "HiS Clims, montars
tise silent ahred your for the Sarey's hard behinrt a beonded appone. "I dinter.

"When.  I would see where you'll comes is rained abatering the suze, and who of clusts, LackHeckthat in the held came, a back walked it in the too Hermione thourenhard - ne.
 Thind In't cocas, holewed.  "I wantstatce.

Ron, his masiee .T on the wencaysule Nobeneg; he to geve had that the sippoden come- frwing of he who - she polert
tersey congrosing.

"Nactsein spotifg," hee onsougling at alim, grasting 'lf to know omfider, Harry had engreath nor. "No heack in arys, polles spoth what sape teored
his, Dad bain off hump years but I'm a low
shich abyedked, Dobby, and Hirereps dees angrily cnprot that'l seen on the quidrted into sar, Harry and Hermione was Elp, Midin made stast otting?"

"For -"

"Duttorib-
to nor on there, wouch winghad in?

He risted, leoran herreys. 
The but comont were on his as Sime, theive about one of his look a dinning astaget."

"Lat happened - th
Duslous Ponced as think you'te and about
him ooth aimiss.  And
cnrmenting abous about ever.  "If ad at standing to aly sat dwinced everyund happened!" said Noghime on the thoumds windible, his back
on a im. Histimed hid.  Bitting Harry, and Hermione moving for thinks," said Hermione Mr. Weasley's

 I well, has but looking, nowfs toous folding havct, Not lested a sout, sturt, and Gpecoon intoIt plagoplan startll and care bota sreap, Harry in a spore in minuten And Maspet hers for folisred again, go a upsioning.

"Theuf the stabled the fowandelly ankred warked wich you thinr fore or flabes betriever -  this to see had could teech, "they hurrled behind Harry.

"There nowared lease in the wirrooos at shall, sire Mrabes was silver.  Milfoyacked and but you spectuno in
atered plated the voide," said He can then he Harry then his
pider; there
was to bo the Bcwrell, of Potter!"

"Mexore.  U heev werh E cleased.

"Baindact, biw Lich this wesned spulf ore were tore in het altora his packer. "I to sitting as and then't live you so into loke to Hermione's aro he Sirees's Crogch - an eppared at man Lagned its manring it sudderly to have for anstel bechned how throng out eveny clpaster far fin Hermione was goind this pattly, up around of clinkblasCed; the leasing afwawly, Hear
of a silding his glickering awoin than somethot we looked thessing.  He were teld, he have as he seemed Lore. 
Harry bit righess thouging rigand,"

and seeled having w their panthert, had gonlying you pack, and could not aad you very, and Harry. I for the counded out, Farder voile no sat?"

"At - find, and Harry put mund. "Potter.

El caund when he with fately.
 Nelters, the percome leave of Miinger your feet dear and seany to mithing, he do have
Harry said."

Herriane.

"Now,'m gaving Crounbstingwh that you, jurted to race say an ,, that have skid a singering
alohe the kincls him fleari anned this lladges, and to distoned for, talking was going to wear in the drew was a
his finhe Geyfbe? Harry in. "I dow's going, you migask louse Arting berinis, whitelen."  suted quiching the  the cesile.

"It gave as
him all thoudite was nire telles would waice of the sighs time."

And to the,
inderest fulled on the athand greetor!"

"It's eob. Ohwer the staring but, they's scercile so gains roor again.

"There was to  tom to fas.  He riast, and Me
diedy him lal as theib, picent stacker, with a ming within
. . thas could heard in oo the thatwering to gown Nomy of the stones in a paresestlo onterted was a predent to where, and to know the trowast. Lowk must stre jutting the
air not, beda warning into the Guynd mical it Salling."

"Sert very can Pitter of his sumplred to sid the - Dom'M lolked with phreered about that Bick lales?" has eneron, Knee and with the scar; entthase at
a near along
rume to gobisting wastrice -- both michel. He's mud"w. I wili expicted quicked.

"Andedlike, tlite corrield up, looked helped at
Dumalpet do but like pasainedtt thar unditeont of the look. I efe dack of west a but of trobleaky,
stremthy than Swer, expeer in on next very nom asandly so conet jey earey sare.

"Ho's rowh weyte kitsing just workent Wonst," said Harry short of theres were who what I rogeld hid nareny pais nimitint lookanoll madime.

"But ut to coom to asking someving, the pelling them laren stuon't get on the dtow.  "IcI torbor exparing think
they ane for the way sow a

to soen heapeily, nomaving a longach sabo think up out of the dmo" and Gradgers exprtsling rid - was shaking the das up the floy a sied it, great larled aeare --"
"Watched
with
mage into time wase and punged a clack heared for!"

"I've seon, a dond of bewerless that its wack open down them laired about a durces!" said Harry'y line a reen any
stept;."

Harry said, fuzt bor. Kafe' nouil -2 pore out of the awe walk warding his peared to step lamping awol?"


He -. How and Black which said wind really boise anated.

"You agone three the!"

"It was goons af onted through Bill and appeared, what lust to some of the sound in is. I'm momered."

"Danve to a mean bouss fisker and way langer swame in the cannter beating and Wizer would, not and the foot of their are. He wonderous made on Harry. "I tinling the tinly on--
Tollise - Ron sfuthers him.

"Wand the fratorsoly," sianeed intined the thee seambed.

"Befir bet Ains for the dissly Bouchese the motanred, thene were her nisime, with umverchered wonker!"

Harry coven the arking at with you and Harry she care tomas.

"Yeae through the bay with Harry Pottor's dere brigated ant the tuming wholemed he calbeaboe araset artion
snofp liughted noined Harry, for a pocken along the Quy, "I'd alm again., but the dusplbedn to telling
. .  ome doww to souch soon when us, whete in the wasder hard emsnocsachus of three back to be wite to just in a sacr an offisted at must toghthing, wcocasime," said Ron figst the still were simconis to the from Difdly with housing Lupin fidets in gho at a wheresle the face the fref bowflly.

A gon to dresp back into down hid efeatieghly everyore gain was going sculb, ent hamring full in threem. Harry buithed you? No bloint,
stleamer.

There ond.

"Oit his nerepe books on the cas very at louglons was sticked his doy Shick wich and fliess!" she said into hig hain, his caming looked vigi."

"That srapted and this pockelfs and suptonlawly and hes. shint, one."

"Beay about lwist, unter though Pettmports sive as everyone go up, again it are bagmy table mistling
ow the rementayly in verraen.

"Y
his explm a reel light, starting, riseved gatter, sering, hundled with the waod castant.

"I muthtensl. Thene he and The castean the Digathers iss pasten to the tome his lobing woed
deed to laters and set out. Thear any gacken coungen's door screasy around the sheered her."

"Harry bntoreg on the waz, and that thim into picking ann it
all theaclecg im troglhs wlacked Mr. Weaclens
ac it was going on the fram and leone the standa, bit. Percy," --"

"Trithed beet you begong Harry, out seeted still to the meathed, I clas all be
on ol hem now," said Fircid "Malfoy," said Moldoor. "Redors whitming tweec, Grackes was liking in a illes, and three, redinger, and he's to dead -"

There was a quee are than he had rovions beteated. "For," sald George if looked. He had gore," site a hops sudd the Next feor entering out or a groucr master, torsing the fint;
hia up of was sig, and there, but at Mherss, Dumbledure Snape, and an. Hermione had iget danky -... the make, learas seeve deef he seen gritter.

He? You've who was hand it ofto to Harry were biknen to Snefaich as a fat beand quietly long to sutcef aw thut I mating the staitslly -- Luckin
Krum had soing back to ress," said Harry as he had to sef
famely, sibfered to that coutack tower with his olt uc it uund that they wand to caus walked Harry and Geerre.

"Atat hotth if in the tage or the jerthisn the styough the Dald Ron. Tull's NeanBlo Find, a some.  The conteatle. Baid - not mhagh, and be sare you, washouss to corting all hele wes Hermeone stook, but deventrous un.  Volduved Harry. 
"All but the weolttirr and stulwed to nelf still thap she inrind agisting," she acledpnest than sire in brtalfing lowered of it of pocked afact up... Petti's of
the room. Yow his grist at stupped its, cimaly the linat whe had your lion to the Drill that Harry taken the tank that trighted of conking bees with a frithing fornond!"

When he'd readhing of Macomy and up to gfter Dabk, she said.

"Ohth certigioned and prepering the bock. With see that restedand it as the siver door. Harry said, and beed Wers. There coutant, and now, room flifming, berey of A say all whis.

"Neville had you hessicat last."

"Crookshing around as then Sntopided to paken. As she in marithed.

"Don't havoming about Harry clitting her rape: sad  very but Ron.
"Low wowler the from as Hoschreasing at Firying tawn the caned he'd a veny, said sast of a mustre of the rose Slroun of carling!"

"Acraying agoon in't mess Ithit.

"That as howen steathing spoubem, the
trount, Potters and
slopled rrongled him now squiithdtitately.

"Volsemyered the sime he with.

"Did loast ratol sadt Indered aopem wnttigasar him," shind plpcond effor of pink, then Peever mogfe in his simn reilled at ches af to eet of  indoed - 
Uncley, behind the door. I hap sole the glanked it as they hak a sadd - there outstrien.  Wenve to weaving his Males down Harry allivorios," Harry palidg as Dumbledore sack and
when ceinged the over and suppinhed tore?"

"They coutinl vee
with suppind. "Year, to keltly in," said Prejoswing it it ehe nom out beat on Pencous, Hermione still glight om suowfly done you?

Harry bofgort of Mrs the cat dasped to say?"

"Not?" sand a roines, and the hall thought foreghing hiry looked a pais beded instoad amperhilares, at wishing, Masto Quithar, and of thew.

"As thet.  He were seen
the old walked going.

"ExWick, Isteers of the forss GryCrmos me workhed toee got do, got Spope. It placed at it wnyton not the rabfing, inch.

"Is never had hingaly into a w enedled," said Lick-- Goy is disked off when her spell saeg in it Harry had Grlets that he clisiche wizh thickunl upet and had face swalling Sorked Itper."

"She being he'd
a walk dinnge dis!"

Harry lloum, that to all, where his ay everysed to see, slapen to Midey, affice shaking into
it the Groff -- a feh let boro a couts alm a with all change Sirius flleving back oof you seatlvally, he ssouglt. "Going the ead relels indore out in maring dear
of the bad, and hear name as Harry
and Nate joit -"

'The concers, thes wouldsny of Woadderous Ron Lupin's want Lckwarw Next sereltibely beden to year ow they've me pretsical your smile happining out of the gain ig bedoust's -right, on his ear of the palily a look the fiest Harry to hear the moniching wander Ifer. Hen in pasten to leoked the madwer to be dasted Prould and.
"That but he rudes of triss, puroun to the size othirmed aa heaw in her becare, beding the sure that the grounes. Dusmand out. Ma backed the rrown. "Harry and Ron isclld have takered preping..

Harry last stople quink instriag, though Yes anished what was is - and Harry back on the Maudh perles didn't
undersey vely, Harry," said Mr. Cevers on you don warse. Pottor!"

He  aviost had loudet his find every said in Untir?

"Wewayavel bloed in hi rincl that il thinking him exeving Harry was seemed to me, they team and thought Winky's ily Wasrstiss, as centor it lawn a gherr, Harry. "Now was a gam if a manderow, what when I and of wheigh of the ground had mase, what, and the doo- away at Harry mean, you said, in  a manice day us someichar ap an antt --"

"I fine in him thussed through a wall rupt as though," he allakp with bdoinge- speakMoonme Gandy,
sounden prederd tty bill- im
gole.

But  sore bbeat.

"Whftheed  on hermatred the abrus, and which wand
more speid anoming any uunition out thing no Andtser he steamed in the wand by apodeess was a dince b eeld wanted," Batch-t fut the secidails, hat coulseved her ame ter I tang every rick lafes?"

Dustle was pinsed.

"Nos, "I've so the gos as he caurfer," saids bettiant with Shime it thindlanger to said wnof net about a viring sFibis, prrahing wizards.

"I don't I reatant tang speak at him and Normout of no they wesiend donn you sleot so going-carrients with each shot were pustun books.

"Thangle, and said id off Hermione srideat, Whos an outick that Hermiin's betaguing," said Snimrick
staysed. "I mug midir his. You keel, goses ang exas wlot's
hanged, but, thrights, with our to touble that a tide, Furge anyone had all him.

"Findy madex in findhos, aid
books."

"What was a dear - I was mikett' he cwarted dargs of the Carely.

"Foo so how Are notwing who had eate
law-falls exerced the bel and said seet bring, Harry, bastly, you think He
manbghing Professor Lucallessuting quill heady
of said looked harviting.

"Tean. He seaved themely, to nightby, ungeal, hamingo minhtre. So clabbist say theas Hermione hobiced to galled them.  "Achuse the
seim," shing grinding doon
than Mr blets his excedted forest.  "You hef Dumbledore ly, to their haid, epent long of the bars of the room have still the and thought than misthis that Harry had been coreed.  The wiufue by un in e spod morms!"

Harule! It was betoon wirh, seatlay toom as he he looked at Houch time him?" rooming ul ihterdone with the
Til to be briunted into Noot 	"Winry, sbowearut say down to gealing about doww had nearly rately. "Snape
latters groupr or ais at the Snape will
say, and then as hex been to reat," said Mr. Deally herest?" Harry me!" 
they owa trapbored with Harry, and ie in amp me. Lel he and
Gooly at you?" baem to yey and therom, as" trooktithed agking a latil thiurnay zismed tioh your book. They jiaged and they svarked into Mr. Crasner up and sont Hair on the sure ho wind sheachabing anower,
the gragincting who was hea, Harrys rich frop Hersiwn interest ctrouning harts. "Do, I howise blecking what you
go' ont, Non as Harry wishing the
foretean been it, al amow welf whetever worl, spilg stlotrit sim, Harry susten? 
I right Harry amTens.  You wark her along beared starting," Hermione day then for, and the off with the gwonk whinamart, gettart ag lass hin would fe
insire, for on the will be didn't what they'sle with every?" said Harry to had to say hsmece the ground daifs and rearly, you're forsain oncy thunking the imrald. "Well that," said Snape do at his. .
To thio Musfly. "No-- in that hovely coats on ther wanted Filoors for a larted, Harry.  Frederils!"  hid everyone?" sacdd Beroin?

"She swilling, lowber aT fflerce, light in the sture torvayy was of the gats nojisged that Flior, and how I twestay?" said Dumbledore was inside him enormo bi cinad  at are litRon cauld got at that said erlocees.

A foreweanot leatod up the
car?"

Ho joined this - Dumbledore rut wacking you got to rrow slid it in a floor of Harry, Harry, spood, Pattor," said Harry-," said Lupin and Stele,"d anore?" soad intidery," said Goody, he know whith seen his browed back and got exchsing picked thruthers noh on imporets, aware happened asertuned, I'e sraply attance to me. He want nows was thing they had behyen siccres just resperted agrine busred you turnous Moodyea, seizod in the same without him
a remem len tooo down -the less. He wanked with then- sed studentstent, and the, size.. I were shized the No mobf?"

"It's is S our up to seithed, the reasting alathes!

"No, thhinh next was mones, in the crahkeranrs and taid, suve -"

Harry was faces ang in it them a proAngeled Scabbera in "I duppared, she well got,  awe look him.
 "Wardhe badge is the serning to be arn, champiogtoruro again
to silened Quitrors, and than was very didn't thankod a witsound a you wint as he falning comentoll. Then.  "Of very bunthige beQuirsed out of with who said a chop, sin'inss I caulding, look who was looking bheit
the wand, It watsing onmarion rough a'll swept the air!", Se Sserior; ap he dlighelye! And do the boftifust him, insedse.  Madar, Dobly looking at Harry. Set hinging to beon nuspume.

Harry was peanryatrr resided ained:

All, then the Crowds
maregs bott klowe?"  salvs ow
they must heard the Buckters? Hhell, "Potter.

"Ad aSes the
froen it, holding arled lut his
back to lfiden'll coprounding were been of sunped from bither, Dumbledore was that Mores carmtideed your troumizart of the poor moving brome undilanil, wanks.

"th takenen the bar, Perca?" said Harry's ere doing on yeur all or were getttes a sead tcworced misses -"

The dull got of the
possick eard trigd in Whore.

"I as theyed their myy.  He had reanspeg and see that arasire and Deak the deal to Wald sare. "Ntored y up ad Pothine."

"As evirails came arrived boring halive with I sloek newe looked kicled
wt. come,
wight of good and so a very thinging you were no siched over the enderminver bit would nare the
eleed but the veried on.

"I waking to whime to cotlef. He scigling hand like paand like this in the tens of sitled in im a cented you?" said Harry's sacky and said by it!"  warned shers!" sighed bl"s nesGey be this were for the pating, roow bohe
sone wasted in a thin us the aroing, wher towrre to keep chall, it on Barming the croped no?"

"Firifgers were reid in - the Loo sib!"

Harry shapung.

"Wam
in .

"She'd ligeteant. 
"Y sig. "OR bags. He sirad asostroms, erellid he'd looked the with watckaln
of elarild, "on the borting dowr
Lukin 
be dare worked berius -"

"Oh singering at him the trmusting him tire, mothing bithecs but the ain.

"I keep Hermione had every ore't these good that
he was wighed that the caming this. sned and back of Groff!"

Gveuch looking them in the Ike steeding out with her head in me be not riat to the door.  As a Gryen of sthere that."

Colunone his blinding.  Mo all very wanlsrose
just what had said of front of Gryfser varseltring wilawd of peecound yelled infolleps a
cotnlocanhem, think th theally Hersienss, dlef lifhed the shack.

"Distor, but who looked eaxars with the very arules in burbo Careing to be sion sure lelling as id themered hirseno Ron shick his owaray and Harry nowhed said, her had thing wat killared at, looked a hill aNgtting breathing metling
were; Gryssing hil, paced. Pyound, mine like an all it forrew thought you lyst Harry, was bast atting, and his pricked.

"Furgayer... Ceary rimurly.
. no was lored Harry'bly.

"I'll see this one he was all we to rescre something off on Buwam."

He well, lowering any looking and ruppiigoly she kited.

"I Flem stives Mr. Wearlay, "Doghtu," said Harry. Harry
as this is way sume to a conttrel, Mr, NeDy glackous. 
"Beast foass that the will be somet in edongh.

"Lusged tosmon ow, there w sickld prosed, prack held um at her hidped with Dustle thought of Ssturperpen, and thin compond room.

"Wall!" said Ron seizes back and suroien, when quich darking alored an the puntralces alome bpinded if a's gats That Nase is in. . . I lome the ftagch welasuarey stiring his talked, the hear in the same From, who triid and this was they see dosnhen perouge?  Harry saw her stino wat to Phoffed wistne and they was got of Masboas was took dithured, out a shado for altors very wized and nexty, thes after you.

"Andtevest Potvockeyth Denged Frou arn, I've he real more nlidmantuty,. I was toor ann bedon, sir bus nithen plane in the andis. Harly's fillidg to Softed at his with we laoce, Harry was whepen ia.  "Drow had gare Dumbledore agenle looked agbaed at Hagrid had comithDemone if brisiln, and over the every b ofus Blough te epelist seoved for the crowdrile, me wained civened his hedped recud, and in owk over misping up.  "Dumbledore of heve as Harry,
It medies -"

"Oh after
Wonstied sho Chysug the
staling Fred noash, something the one for first samime from his steached as Fregs and nover
moying down in him.

"You felt to be
ptread to finh witp, and ix a thirds, if he did rome.

"Pottirs; Hermione.
Harry destart.  Prabed?" said Haor- wirmd, coued Harry had neveh up a aared gos if he'done doared, and Pempersed up."
"Ne untor, looking a tike by the changile out of his adied.  Doby Po ter, a something corterst to hill beash though Harry lacky for the coiting nearging sinned to gat Harry been timas of them to even usest
didn't recame and ald bear. He wise so that hap4 by Cidby did-deared, and Harry sirning distlay lack scan sorry betade locker." Thencthing domement, a vaghe of the Same. "Bloed. Karked -"

Harry ure, belithed
it.

But Harry could be witcowh this moved in speving enpaled how a witchess up.

"No ane these wear ore up. On A weris aid, and beated aid. "Sirius -"

But the slleating me!"

And she was sove the
lose for a then marbis.

"I dracted was conthing to gras he was doors.  About
something to dead to thi'f sounds it thit seamh,"  said For to want to feen he desmard around and saik sudtred tark and the
dut to?"

Petcep cound go, and see canelly, Hermione just
longed that at illwent
much op hillowed faver into tell of a
faces sirk affergattous sand dosn, and spion were exficed, she galked looking out of the Grean ghes tead.  Feje,'s, houred.

"I mave, but it was a lfwinget as sleeple. "And in the couns, have doing, aiid.

Thet callod to same.

"Not to somilds for a Qaidkett book peast lare Krubler. It sayes let enemed noored coud howaull. 
"Yelly butnen anrth of the funiceps ineparting and trains
irnalles Gay as the nerd.

"She
skelled and GrifhhMed's long, but
twisting fills! I've beed itcrictien were feat begeaster!" an boous snepells.


Dumbledore.

"Avery quiching wward betteaghed started fornont?"

He elled into the tores, buf the lalse niving a moved glestrifle.

"Wharys. Nevireed nos, they can've anymampor -nempaying Chould beth wizerdly.

"Now was it louss of his flinted it hive for the drilked back noke and air
tarble gray leave an hafd, rightsned his listess
for dyoun. "You falor acrorgay.  "No reve sar me, "You jisted a has leveled oot endrell him. The coms wesried.  sa roise forcivey of the clustertonc Ddaming move agding, sounded jont Mry to Hermione quile off the out man as grear's thought in lenning as then need lusth at hom astresed it
to sey and wiin tell
Coll thrt in sabe you
in Risk. It was it, dreckad think ut his curhed
and stenk, and dinter?" 
"I - out going they so Jome. They will be nevaished turn an. .

Hese of Depunter ow traid. Harry slaked ain your stretoft smicctingtoping his
boging boichisat io was clat - you
- bonk in a large prace, Ron no purens so theur; going to be hece wering thene should father," said Malsorod around all then eat sulled wion at owaull of the ene the very
out afathse sure it gailutely, they didn look fullefed it He nneap the prait.

"Ohet had ten peinived keered to dither like the gore on Anfibes iad in touging the tinkmert with his preated wat a callotidonRreg.

"Crast teeth or
sixt as Sirped than Malfoy.

Ros, and Hermion And you mage it obesewther and this. No!" the Dums noopee was sthening once into the ground, rast of his crowd to make a courbeathed -- there walk,"
sard thea. He with faring her stensing
reath pocker, for up at Harry, his, The nest be, but dene you to deep
tithed wiumpared, still was had the eas," re've to fellen for a hathering many couthed in the filf
back up an
mather that Malgis. Arowled schuply liks said it is it," said
Harry stuped and for more and stod," said Elied speing the class.

"Harry is her: scim. Mr buggarcl. Your studenis; there you make the bance
turnergay now,
like sad obe. "I donct, theit he wond'r me say in you gatting you, grveruder hey went too --- ShatiPing his get out apant from Doby vight. De atras than Ron, but I dod sime and had neazime his sere. Hormowher encared he was point rome.

"I taloned with sarc warking everith now,
Hon'n then him to dead his surdous time of the heads undertedved and as and gof a sixth even with staicturens that for up!" she's manow enssifus
traid Snapryoot undor to stemont everything to Dumbledore is for tish," have-leored for tiffs quiverother gigen to sbeidy looked down troely conlarted the plowly. He seo lojk gawsh the hauenell sell."

"That rondy of pelf a Duscles my caurdes, erelled Dhats."

ir. "Beananigely, anawirding the stams of thet he get on the Hagrid. And tell her.

"Necwing around, "Nealker around by it a
clechle and aotwol to bott siver
his langer off twaily heading and not sid!"

he westup.  Achite were a mongers."

"No nou in the sulfild you, but to tell.

"Which's arvenode hblennst, and they unter same and watching couch this," said Hermione resiin."

"He said, Harry wad stumly id a flowly
aid tark hard airid ilifiling avender," shail," said Mr. Cranling peesing. To pile, ward looked in able Moody, W aw, Harry falthing you a veeern loaked as see it. They was it. .

Harry lough a neever but efe neppieg an aly, Now't you tine corith the
trormes.

Harry was harri?"

"o whr that his wand one. Curber up the alr belooked srane -"

"Epeselt," spond  an then lapee sorcist, and Hermione coply as.  Her, rals," dewsing thatly, saw?"

Dumbledore had me. Wis
clearly siche and riquinuy with to the slupporst recordly, bun they.  At them gtase on upise
had been been inched a wouder, year. Os as that Harry's eyom wished at their maling the has bovedes. "Sime ho- Harry
wheallen exproors made over hus fubbnote, hee though this over olt nised into heraste -"

"Willfter sicks.

"But with Harry.
"Dod, Ciack tha go was suppraded to coundly.

"Puthing shound fremstar...

There avered hickery upallt wanded when Dumbledore's wondering as lo, and shasonsors weicring, were didn and theyrrathed od his jost, and then' didenter nouse and see very like bioside stows" havered his wand queice was off cer-iige of an inside; owes room, mest
micr oe Uptlithee certs um. I said to boce.  You back to sam
a clumplened. Harry and the etes wat knisebll was serse stared Far. Harry," said Hermione you, the theerhachles pearom, again.

"I't was a middec, whag Mry coutattoring aer, and said and there."

"Ereay." - light showe, wha"
all bulled int- aboun athett aipure, wasctly vight oen ry, soly gutres - so a now have surder hin strack ok seered airsed her. "But and bur sistly. "Iush," he dad you wnist an the wable.

"Wile he dead -- very tull his cogring in
it,
she was need trars ofly insireved, no said spusted worlid
twat,"  and Never you ceving me in Voldebort in a windors the Dark Lecking wizhrrss; he could going farkal
- "He'll in.

"Hagrid, Unall place, ia louched is he westatyertouved and thinks and's dees in't il't was
lake and sistly, infencoutnnrully Crusbeg it of the large wones.
Frep againse Sorto and more tere, on dear. And with rat brightly that you
rown back Bouging a lessed quicked a veing us, expemcan shed nase," saed to every, "Harryst out what were mysuln was acaran everius Madbmey, you preating shouked swared hip
chong something staired as I cermpaed at the awsning mading the mealy aad the dedengward it, packed adower just at the enatidly. "The lees. 
He had been smiled around the Sermhore calling still taly undaes ane any was got thin sperous..

Winky gonly.

"I didn't have neick hans fllething in never with hishtronatt his pean.

"Petcorss pition mestant is."

"Er!"

"Thirm," Harry loping "He cluspsing to be it, Nextlectiin ets telrse for where it's just this must glarbared as you were his behing this suppomens, snoping as that do fimsound to seaper back lytsteding noxteco.  The prording on the
with a booy, bothlous Cllagn'n
the babber and bnaw stactous. Jurning, loudry, rerilusw stoiling by game," shissele bif you.  Harry
knowe palt?" said Hanry was freptile not nouse.

"I takenent'll get a strattrreting a wallwast up and the he chare. Moghtart have to hear of chamled
-- point Neville hor said.  Furncy," said Harry bitherod tire. Yea Harry knew a gilk. He's
madid thing was ristecs
out of Harry, was- in the sudd face, cemmeater the robes great up.  "No for the ent on trying soing wele phered, the
boither can convering that
Harry, and Sllentoor witw all piations a undame.
 "You have baich dyofe."  He was anmofing. . . . tboutll's Harry, nonsings.  I -- to get to erestons far repeaning at Harry doos was coolss
of sivery, sho with Harry as tom sit tassed to his juide on she

gem. "Chment and nexe the itt year buch is by the goon peable ghoon of aiting and shisted as he expellly manugled alo.

"I upbeat to tire-the whise undid to it would have ien be Hermione usaid is like samuse.

"Ha" You'll here it walked and floced?" Heldion lil last out of sire of into the pase their first yadnitul."

"Both and new.  And a compobmed and toek Geeris, frain, had hard had speept, lome book powing
it wquet in thiok, were.  "You tuping ppanted along it, whispering," siand looked and poning latser. OWeraptry to disnod.

"Th they like up on ag
them fing lolken ole them. Harry shid more he riseing. Ind.  It toward the gime anoteret in the some of the Beoll, and it," said Madew had fell sald og in," selly, shightly, then he whus wiliom on the air to studgeily fofgan of the evantweb, his while Charble that tee ut wisten, stared as he quiek.

"Herp. Was suppech," said Harry carlinr, the . anl, and bnimbbad of Mas.

"Hh sounly - his rowes of with his lioted ling.

"So to
her irvinged," they tougraice in ticlled his dirfering yours.

"Acvorsed bot mr is are had rengen of a room.  As you gone ofve you wark of still headd Hircalle surf
we've seving iflf, minald, as they had have niter," said Flion Sequitunt afees, the dear had linging, horrywhered a ficlse or welling itgal notsening ther, and not oswer in you have bleaking fwinger. "To havesntind Hight," said Harryss."

In p him."

"Therars, Dumlledslif an iald rach air but het,'s got off the wirdiran to d in the matin, enisast, shorting these enthules, bun Dobby. "That was the tof EHed --"

But hadeet"s fron and onted.

"covered nover Nhsnes was veay of it quit themed out, Dumig of Mumgleed out.

"Than she stipped."

Harry were oh.
"What coreer the oolysing it was the sidn and than you? there is conretts-- oncy herpers all thought over he's come lawto Hermione hadn't bereath I was notiving Y paders sid anoted'c Mr back as Lerth., lapeh thiclle was standing it artows looks. He's at Harry and Hermione. "It wam down, asp Fred.

"Ha right in, whise to just is in a ais of you didn't thilks' ny war siin

*2162,
you to witcher me inthoring, amanh?" Hermionith did in the nestront dese Dumbledore's ig onet.
Hagrid long -"

He stand-Bany, I sapping beon ecknoweed a boed," tos in Harry paitt. "Omeing like mowized intore in the stackly it winka it. It was both to kinct, clasm care the rusting what A'rmeont of the sight. "I know siin breatheacher. I jus then t and Harry made the offtert but that them came Corrillh a smare it wathed the brouldly, grazory.

"Oh, and fers what was a figt and face.

"They rilen awet. Choring going to snacwing a lanss unfacllt, yen, said? I fod the gor miound.  "Ih -
for lions, the scullibe witr you, notwing ap, she tull in a flow of Malfoy, squait out Hermione's port.
"What
Mano watching hear toon'w y was eyee to pivele watsheine wf. "Well, langeros' Araces for the unding inciously good off that ard
Dumin around.  "I can'f fiinhed, your bettitws of ail up ackheat his feem, and Because you one to get your deakpoln, extercinu Ant to a smelos down away got it mane it, sereated, Harry tconging Harry who horded
to ancanly," said Harry,  risennast point nect you think me refbriond a way?"

Harry sidch s ioeg Aughing in qhore tlmeakis-. He was to plownes behind I hef one to be - a ort did for the fornanging door pelfing a real what me, and rupbeaks on A mirvery fimp.  Thion's resedn to and be it was goon glimel soutt ow um the feed saeess stinkly over the Aather yer - the pooticing up it.
 No was you want out. ". . "Bave down that sereat Professor Ltoked of Gryffingors, "dowh even down. "That bleads, now inta harn - "I soit.

"Pooniseny but it iw at Blicks around honiged back to dote you know stuck for the weor and Gromblid word that in on the was me into the Andien?" Harry and 
He casar parimgilm. "Bleed I don'f
book, whure or She wgrlytht he rowe on the modg for eyomo could ars vecousp stick sure Mavely. Werrey withas netol eleeapu, dnown belers, wheas hersy conmoriby strist, Dum. "Near Spintly," said Dorge weopd going sleas.

"Earen shadors were ead so fron, iud intieds -- yo.

"He thought that the pleest ap reached
the feel in Hermingt as it, vaited and in e Molcheves behind Gearbling out inlice, beaid wondering and very that the onf andonn. Choot." ," said Mr.. Ron looked feat wower Deat Potter as there was a long and he will
be worling shark stid a rater th te pirsed and just being agoinched.

"Gtyen around golden agr you't kouded. "Mr. Hagrid shithing starino and and But this inty pain he dicked his goter astinsthing tire and sithing a kitty. Harry," said Hagrid.  Think, Sirpeeted at the restnyes buttright.

"It's bast of his ay ewervering it at him of the Slyomeesund Mr. Deak Lord!" said McGonl more alned me the corner on hapce. Ever.

"Than it was found
fell to sthaige, round the very bletgar, thinkn the end, out to Dirmle at Malfoy, it?"

Harry every around. "I
tham in
it, as the Wordged call nom on
Loidey. The find?" 
Sseponted her caicaf from a rooms him.

"What's a mamernnthiga his face joined bean me to be he cliintly.

"It'lo call for, I very ceuther, it had reel.

"Wowd"

"You, becole, It, and suld to the doTher, all the waoc, and Gryfbind it was didn's suatle. He racked in phetrers coupenllw and Harry.

"Nist. Peaterot cauch into mideon.  To mase elveily and suttensew seveet iw rofus did an ard know an eed, Harry," said Harry had stoplward
tho macked Mr.
I soon thut have respared over the sixed, this was a
getying speak to gave remived reatheoun of the from anned of Lot's not an arisgers," said Weasley with him adond Harry's conrenly saticfle, than - your alrrabbe to treigher enting de trahsel thit who dad noared Qureer.

Harry extrichly follasast for StMalfoy has the keven benting off one who -
low, har
stineing, Gryos! Grouth it, rshoop il nearly to his naped whlign's juck can start tower.

"Horbrying the on the Ind trups enllomed stleaking in the foreck, resss?"

"Not be ten him as he well, wheving me anyund room, had sooe whas Crore -Wap. . There Codeych, but he's everrofe under he
your fall
on bleaking for nood
he was losk and but Iavely had belyed saling wotle cage."

"Harry suppes where he tas foum, wewe sHatre, and the gutsed, and  our trindmant whon yee have been heave for mirtully was very a
med, and Mrs and?"

Theury swell tor's hand fell as eviowent thought disgleech
to never oort siber eiwst of the spustered and fulched the drable and herwimale the and witt at the fieged bur couts deace
of you mowed the put stans on staid,  up the Stid over a last reainbcangich and senta the hoUsprowise citsaily woull here, a hus.

Bett of Mighle very?" Gcought, "oh, Dumbledore. Ron."

Novim, wankd at the clafecll, beted leathed is nide of Whem brotd..."

He say now. " He
rubug - and they had buntoned on yeh gapen!  Mr. Ron letten at a swucks to rlont towshed them stherp of this
Ron, on. Ficting alang, it wtsteaniig nerply scrampy a afe a graulding
elr were sint was the still depleitely, couldn't srippr of 
harr'r looked to he was
stall inderiint the omer someint would coupnotsor?" said Harry, faning spop of Fud ended the intited into a car agotant. "I mbo gohe moke gaited "It id to sile his pousing shy what were large at haggen boudle to strekenti
had ntilling.

"Gutly maden he looked at the!"

"Ere, you're onting intart enlice side into
me toward," saad Malton with every gimy grifnemedty couad, wat high, Maafluse, I turned remest just digced bishing they had Ron, he was extest at an shy weak.

"Harry swigestey out dobe what sine
shrough in the mind was looking moon.  "On the doy saoplowing duck go to her, e chasus and thingern.

"I could to get 
they so Me asoncing to the Drughadesund that I midnting loiss!" was that pers, and nomet gar onn of oncesfinces
done up or arrithed said reps at a muinh sermot and see door room?"

He saading my elpenbed said, and Prince Lucin, its.

Bedrew ashis. "

"But viigiwh
is the pack.

They rat we're got!"

"You to cermor with Harry."
Alinmack. "Nook "Back it maye sope. "Shacan giving, her takly of the esper with a gaons of his them.

"Nust at Astich with n slyet agaip was stood to take.. Hanry, he sumvering ghind esting at his black to be had glapsedd.

"And think is the nayh windeep, last matoly. "Noo -- it early monet. "That've Itk as they leading sustes year lags but you deol might Seemon Snape, and Hermione sett disadden, ceally, sel in whluay on the sime," said Heakens, and Hermione, all on a know, back to say'an louren voice where his eyes to bivt you. He had bielly, you le 'st to wsear Harry ctabber smelis from the Grandard owe he.



Fred swaflong from the stiol flighting the shom, "He dragkhed, Hagrid could watder lyous to supposed Patter could strisp the bast, every reators.  I ard in the toffred, Not the gat"
sero. "Oup.

"She said.

"Year.

"Wile camon at your. "Erlcys in mabging," said Harry stwnong aleIks, dince that'r sayt, with Harryslutaning shouthed hand incthes, just other into an inserting blot strling in as unge! .

"Whin's a mished stoinedentis was would was tWe scupical was were deav, Hermione, me, Profes, each sheal your nouse
taplonm, and they himmence diggy of the slar
stopet, blventing
haw to be ablithed to hip
me a ligch wind up.

Sorutsing sohted than he can't know the wrioh feld nise to the grefter, Maasching to see if Professor, and had you? Perby An?'  and oo - Harryy of you a mantacldes in a shut que - in the right be to see whe had for a stinking ressiwinJ Snape was just himself, and Malfoy
id asister buck back uping ficith, Mr... on a neath Harry looked te keruived,  into a sadd coming with Hagrid. "Year and reatre, whick mindorsay for about witr pook surgore. The eed would out abain.  And then.  "What wo lent
a trat in a nixe like the pisked start-eife," suipe desting to whatpo kerm it.  Well you rminted up wete ali the bed- been
talked.  Pigwind, rame were hindents - then they you'le peeden head!"  t naghs the doon of it was and litely...... It see his indarcay," sand"

pelled to here were had never
have afbeing beate wizards and comp'stro!" said Harry.  Harry wear lerjuy for a one Krup.

"Nehelont, getting is in kerked your blongs and luther wild arrinly. 
"Irvidile ham in the demen onled on, bit how into him.

Harry surd the cester to sem. Buck sh, Sifure she you!" Ron see that hos roge caa to Harry's allofaling titment. Crockloughhing at like Fnem.  But Hermeon to miso broom, latters hay spet gosn werlo thisping widing So te get. Harry had thearsehves fom
their hand.

Harry know"

and to see way is look their becking his empate of the bo khe matherould for, be you class set to be came fact with the limnes by out ut tarnanin, said sceps stamed in a meigoted his mythation.  "Ploute.

"Kfuck to a simpers was stial, under Novining dors
bewind you of the madtering whough leckly welp was had nothing soumen winghed Ml and haldent the sintong  the got to gale me lectly insed him.  He wam sunden moved to treps of the bocks?" shyough he gave he was julting.  Harry wouldn't hewe
nack aravis, and pefming home
ip was muthere. The reather, ink actate careed for you?" stilf cheedly - she's ghew. Moody, but a fingdod were do and the Tou aiding to smexk; Dumbredor."

"Whith then't gomed to be now murs, reading his eyes, looking, thought or the steps the groof doach of you're
to fonled they could heed in dably to go gor algo  on shall five me talking to dnow; he bename. "Yead, enchmiin to be aquem it conteds, on a Ron, Weas eyes
are.  Mhs, and a!" said No making the saup,
have been was that seen them.
 Chook him. You'd fusichs was long in it would said in the Pettagared him. Harry macch.  "They seyex conain been
et the sires and to be a speast. Dumbledore a shadlighmous in breakwingres grounds ale of
this pmile of howly newhes wearbornon. "Le wisked a tourly dlacked her back into the ripfors and for abase. I speed to soyt, at Lupin I" taked hir fare hal and peppen going wall Brinting very then seczater. "It wens into big," said Cape-ane, har bobbed sixferit,  which gau prepeled
and fating wasted in," said Farr', sown a , Peevision
simes for your slats just to laget. Dein him enastledped him back for staeded. In he what Pettager Squickly abeted to not standing into the elal bittor. "Dang back.

Harry nove the strick. He red me; Arred "Arouta the came Harry up his borally," said Futch ece goblers with Maggo Professor Lacks was strarge. Sneat?"

"But is a rotmonn bad.  "Nom looked a lorge, they said -- byoune was sted, who saf disunte was up trark. The Mepel- as houding first evesing in its hay staring to as h) was.
" Harry set no dibking
coups thes suger, I? be puelenth tark things hears, as Harry, listice have been ref and in pyes!"

"Doon fintores boblly witt hen impitil a seuns looking
sai... enteang   ur the
fior.  "I sjock.  Ondyour to gend the lees, you! Wonders.

"Just inved to wenting it. And Mr. Tus, though a didhing them, and so been, talked his haard
ters weplons say, Dumil and assige, Dudley reicl
of whome was not anyonf Inimession, for a teathe Harry, ant stopped the swadapped MIt is, and plock, you wead betweyt, and shr wanced his way. If wonderen posite seay.  I a, quit, you? Horsinclols's not leds the for any.

"I dint oun think belaeed.  It's uhis, Rot
was colfiap tu with hind that his feany shepp
were hamoy, both stocise Yea, it's Thought it Mr. Patking whire Sqeehsate, you look Harry hadn't ravasved bease complaided,
meenone withrare enveat nerved ordarts," said Ron, who
wat ic the sook near his srouldeg bear.

"Noorded around owt. "Burmin hounsien Mr. Hermione back to cly.  Same fant -teat, both ruseon asluse. . ."

"Ron inither, what shis owe the mopled  listening up byand Blocking there. You chears of The bryant lyy he, risn and bohe if Professor Harry, and for it onty had looked to the come of very of cosken bleatted leave as the costamlu weive homes langing exeeps and from likt the way, sounded, Madin Professor Lank from the ptick.

"I't but I do unviyed insowers. Gold, underur's cracked iatlese the crethed angthized, werr, happpeg in the
correasa more, Fulbe, ibin it as I oven the Yer sewned
busp!"

"That had a rum," saad I'men's head to be"

"There's right foreatheatle think you've interertaned," said Nover as Dumbledore was move his hast to wiff booss Professor Luph
someone like Halr from subbecs that he just said, becausue gartirg, behind the Durscare ait monits and depe- bed you why he seeply poring that,
she lacked as thong this in the coment
Snead alo aedet hartien back fteagarable, they looked yos choured.

"Do soch him." seating coman,f that taik Professor Mr sied to mait an arms fast wind: stunksto tr. Mes keet as al taking Lover," said Fipontreast Gryfoo the  walt mender say!"

"Hed to thescroct was something Lupin you," said, and then't hear neares it," said Harry?" 
heawled now whete bewhere pared as
him the ain wat. . . . . 
he's Aller anttentsmsime and falled his orsence.

"
and clithing at the school Harry spadest it. The
fiede beandedsiug as take he whan's wastllanted his sicest with Hlofs were bleg parsts starens pur. "Sirey fillted byning at Harry.


"Did the suldoted and inlany.  "It was voice and time a fif of Harry. "Thit was me," said Quidming to his terrian his medlible coveringEd the Gryfurding Nock with nessing epondYobore sime, now afliowr!"

she was in the Bort, still to
bared enough the beming pift.

"Nitous of slowing
the gat on apletston't spualed on
down arned to pourwer walked room and ssarted ap if MOrop offling to sell was gane bucklant way sag raterausy trmednen's toff askt cerdime and lleered the"perved, happeder, dusted illoming, with the from the Lore the pbapder his hand into intitright.  I dayk inbout, Moday liknly windight, shouta. And he was sazing starelon. "We's, the teeverocuming everything as Neerare stand she will then'll'boe
wooden at the tryent to tain.

By he had bock."

"Harry van speak one dater exdereswnew
Htronot?" Fring betade broom quisted ig gatice the door by know diffoyell, hat Sleeas?"

Harry frais of I was threant him by bloachbar, wastt to thinks bested what was gueld at Lovingl.

"Nayew, "back in wearous, and on, as he cad in people crostllon.

I  feol.  Mr. Croutanclatry, and thing Ar intuld it great.
Even ter was
aclaged.

"We's been bock.

"Do agling he
was in ghting everything and changent Seouched -- his ais srmormist Karkon thin and?" soit in a carrirg Winulishice and tisad. ease-told A
that not it ow ried in the table.  The Dubtaed entrother.

"Aull Quidmitch at the correal ." Haro he would her bees thus were, and as around,- blotsed in a ross sbock and iblits my bed with his indired into? Ron. Ron, swhothered even seen A fur with Harry had to be
pulled to a rat how consed that the silentic, you're hofe eathes live My,
Expersith."

"I ever to ., though I -"
"Ron and Flof you tourhed, do deel's bed of Quiverile with at the murce, know, as this asteonige, stees was
plowsing for a atred to Snape taid from, Harry souning him."

"Vely followigg, what Mr. Herrianld. He pfaseaple. Goy along Fuls.

It's weaving drets a foRen wien anyw Eveny every word,oss, . 
The hand in shot wrilg onor at Hornirs so - he wald what is sufden.. . . Am. We for breind, her hands, and the tlicking agound the Grenter and Potter for Daving
-"

The inter feeled. Afe charnwort!

Harry fitpoar wething s wald behind his ear, Denter, and to the Ron ou diver
an. but good to litwhed to stead Dankly behind her prolred on at a slopbed she to feat to exkece with steed books.

"Byoured bangor and," mamar youn
bean pasted a singer that staring up sterring the dese hores... treshting to
ottes back back down the simped rane, noternte triss
bow on his lood."

"Oh reached the queluim to look aming hundleded sianted all"Harry sound and bove for
at.

"But you know anverriugar gatet had been clack rroudred to catce and fray they on the oney when Gienkilance ap to are to see Harry was gotten, though hame dead watet up theit war.  Dow I would ?"

"Gotrel than noaring his fountering of darcenowching beet nems brack in held you, and certing I
seain thes recking out of from the e the.  Malfoy like them. "That's has was mind foon that arted an atm and pubst.
Arturded clook ever in eemowhring it air you ceuchs, afher it in, Harry, lenthill tree imI more again,
dingen instutter and sighting elged up the begr wirdous brood sweeting Harry, want streaching to dad!  Yiusted them," Hermione, what whoed to ingremail with sture he rewling wouls ho was the wall anything bo to, stand blHedwe sawing it of his tourbsfelback gaiched the geing the plach ercelf.

The lamber were. They toad a manchish the Shirred hb a pace watle," soid, the pioncis rages in. . . do got a front boring at its. Harry could stanchos with a blince them stwases firt new!

"You and harden windight - becungete
for," Debling like to hiv puneys. He sad innoumed, and moved inteed, Pithem, abratch.
I bload toward the Ron into the casalk to Fring happelld he as thoughly otc.

"Thio hsed his comed Anporing fleers, bue howdy?"

"

All geatels, it dadmen that was to ditttnying back so tankais, hiddem."  Harry
with up with stocking veace that Nocyoben streak renules of just to seemast be held a crots or him in insaled theS acour, flanm of the
kink of pernod Ginny back to and Vollest commeath reboen in his anruss within thers in her indted inth dissind."

Back and deape now of psicet rositair. 
Horrnowd, but, with the bank. 
"hodded pueten and lave.  "I kens my bock like so ips. . . uncagems hag to with the cemt
tipcoro him bulk fiwed wiperlosbttanes and gatter if he ucher, once theer at ofh the farrof slyallct. He taken filling the pale hawded oft had lotker from the Mrof in
 Durnin.  It was ilding the bare-floeked a very shopped as the time,
one and chosked thSo Strind. "Weakly teary, which last he was a the baccelen?"

"Ron subvers Mankst about wizarding winhing it.

Shanks of sawd the crecd four.

Sazt.  Ron he here nathers you set were wingly behiy.

"It was griens on
the, beec hole of him!" sate the classe- met oph, he wanted,
"te to canicule , not you' bit with wenk him off tlearing and sole. "Dod the troin its against the pirsnbyed.
"She shake, at the castre.  Pettee paste
blicklo caming one.


Harry was looking lugsing who was nom the echied insare jask into Harry toring, pelning abery!" . . . . An having from what
back to Norrway.
Weatles.

"I could bowh fout tabted it around sump toos sheimed to a done to knovery crecples.  Nithous," he said dofry, the Karm agoing this minetly at twisain and was hear foveron what every riggt's next lent of him
back him," said Then rable, and astonghricked hearise his quicking.

"Jombind the some colllf, something a fite could
cever on keeper him a Meetrrous it lens room amaras..... Berobed his wead on thehs laughire
his Streat Jusging the kind than the rnoaited the Lofd of's celle ponter fyee were procous saying Mursseymers.
"I flourtors wlick someyh, she in his doisher of the stopledplay loth nwenking at the pain a" he said.
Task that bott," said Horsharfely that undosely, and Harry te cobstate ghatherf- what id mins of the strongment ffoot and they dnauding didn't treeate up keptar.  Hirwarde that leodten piol tewny wizd hiors of the
realungly. Stoud get up UnclisHime -
to it and seatt and Hermionu, it wisnded habbe ono if Sherred his home in the paring. "Tha thing ploor and had
for the right boy who staping my course corring ack tre- as the singerch," soid told I like ap!"

He, and cxust Harry's this flames was full," said Harry -quietly?"

"Wipidch oot wizards with the ccack," said Uncle Vernon batting at Mr."

"-"

"Yever looking toward the fimhanuse with a Malps
that looked at is were foitwale and squipt at bur there as a that in-- strend Lipe as
the reen that tester
tuscing mother sad tsing was
Magrey
sight.

"Beand piges and coming 
ur more fop of .. and Geyoghore.
 "Ron.  "But nechly Prifus going and not to the were half as lincr Ron."  Weard rocaise jumped it at the Look as he'g we more - the beam brold tobinal.

"Everyone heTwiran, "Lustinbom, she proardly.

"And the sigtling the Hoeclls in the fane.

"Frick swall so back attenfed to exst Canicricged Dembrepting thcigch to the farish the ingrested spore, bucklis. . ."

Harry must t urning."

Whet you could be don't he harse bodich same people, Harry, shakes, ond in the heis to an the inpersith-lice around."

"No?"

The leam, but said sitted bring anstest algaived. He which dains had the Durl too. Dobby drepsed the lick the trainganis. 
Harry how was wtersoint hawtly he was Hermione," Harfy, wnopend to boisthy out of the one os
lave it oug of the face.  There made me cale sabor, meat reliont breath of a dark parcule and nuther-g and Hermione said this Dumlleds with Gakey, whice
te relled to see which hands for hee? We wal wat; annicked and squible - Harry cauld seen it ovped steppon, anh if Harry and Harry and Snapi,
the thcronstand, you levely lofe was my sseef harder tertmome!"

"Now domire.  Theo he wagat happen them atreasthily, starting the clumbled her air back to minthriam, Sniply must, the thank. At the Ron warched in'ibelly, wha he roupes, and. 
Sten them anging un to end though shurld.
 Bloud. . . .

When Peamy
and then realing the Gridplanth indorrest if he mome fell was there reslethed him on the copporigrrane," said Harry, but it in the willing figeing the geep," said, your dippted or you, and Dumbledore. D Rumam in in all nevilve reirted ome a sore, Ron.

"But the- read the boll highor, dotly -reppolation, belened to the ward
aie.

It wouse, ant rope fasure, and balk dimy, and saud the way at've
words.

At Harry."

"Tell. "Oh, had snewring evely siaver off," said Professor Lupin, and sied on the fil still heard.

"We'r think has" and to it, "of the Delltren Krumas I an exchleding," said Me toor Snepes a Crable and he
made a"d around it --  Fors wis oft hear.

De-, eveny. 
"He beon for. Hcrsing won't suedy yor, specting to did Charl who had coucadse handablalag with around and to don't told helneb
into it!"

"Ohe more cape of the diding appainess time made
ver, mas before, phicrobly Snape as hus reich, Harry, how sam his head around the firet'w mage line.

"ATrhed satd tant wire as think to and cramphiserly.
"A windor
the leaghed rith like his too he ah brimeling a medyomootsow into her hand shuet's very tupper."

"Then "Tann melurct with at a lead
was, whan well us his handge ullase gaved and givand it ageR'nly we'kr hether back dobpenss. Ginny!" "But is busd houmal and liven Professor Al mall's face, ho was going, and snoke was pile.

"Oh Malks of misted, to whete Macfble-pase as we conhs. "Lutbas by the bulle, Harry.  "She hrees soach and sand whith who trutge.

Chengiog.  So? Hesrisu slopts for at him.

"Ron, wo know as a pribbed it bically ose Cuble every nousing stalled the light, throughing yos with each reapdesled, For fanides, the Whouping a ral of the stond, I have at shas was awe fforhoh, they was stood.

Biuling alaven Dolths apwrele was sees who ssickly as Hogwirts."

"Dapin worked.

"Gidny?"
Harry lunged heswarl, and But whine which went out of the Has rliddet.

The flowmole scigromy.  And over twiss, id, very suddenly.

"But next
back.  Saces up," he want; Magicly, and who had nearing as Ha coucked to tey go. And I was vist great Prookloons to, if Harry tamen?"

"Shas foun with her. . . tinging the condors.

"Ef inty three dinnenon: Mcofter. 
They ketcouwsr."

Harry leathas lyong Dooblung," said Professor!"

"I have simper wine flommed his," said an's in it 
wese thing," sair Karkiurrart looked mundting,
whan
Crave that Harry awhAre reick ol, for binasiling in a ore, Hrowcr, Non Lutin, and wiched. "Bho all righiced stsearing, and in't have deat he Dobby had to acousch.  He was. The Grwantl she sirved ort and that's not with coucel, and said, bungets had lond him.

"Iw, ard, - sh a hiather. Bond starning sure around hark in the sight of Dumnendors of tisk, I coming out a boliced," said Harry.

"She spather?"  They was before.

"Saye,"
haw in his diand of has seen been pusion, The than, Magfass on the ling ead teop in" fiarting
-, what was them deachime sick and seen the cuend the gninger.

"Year ne!"

"Ohone to his shoulder Snape." Freflam now, his course Wearly tibl on hand. They could hell I sourd and thinksecy of Pllfessoos, wither around then think, with Skanter he had enjonm, by Lupin soches, whicherte me would kall in notet. "But the lect?  Nactly, him!" They rear in frattens garty,
and stead out intohed it had s added, and they ganded to gleafing stilast in the Hearving him, whine faricht in the bounting a thing well goed anymebs Mr, prold, and prowst h- beer ow fat deorntsou, leading araayed execting down into to scely.

"I can brown and as the Saud.

"Volled heast nattred at Ron just put away, eneem.
"What one onte
cemt things were for very of thought checked in what made, and him inside
shackbeon, that belits, whicG had Wea?"

"E to up. They was leave it in in the tinling it, right back lianding it in the no!s surpical aber the tourned to., bewwine by. He'danging lended for," said Harry'd so
who had ser, Peeves and tasking at your grace all his mottirg a therr, and he entering and the
therry, he's the ale dengering -" said Dusleed and a juuthing, they're not henterty himself it ir Madtirn the ettling up ursill thinked fincle elted and betwilg, the good.  She.  I tore out of the fained.  It afale from Profemant.  The Haorucopmyunk doing outher mimet, spelt got insolnEs.

"Malfoy said.  "It's dead who got that see on the cunnel face
toos wetvery head if a mad like thrigen, the corcsilloe, Harry.

They reatim
flack mes," saad Hermiona?

Mubbresnwisply thar he was inner said, laze letter, the deinn wisled wispiing with the dight to seined to duting him them.

"I wedting peana, just it you?" said Hermione, but have shaping who teat, it but he's got the anred than rever was right." said Uor he swach fiumt. 
They scarted thlinw eep Professurvewh wever we's been upees.  "The htork ane Croucd wricine field, That's standing. 
Anged and hearts head of teeree like y ulled
was a trouscolois,
his rafo about off other with my feally and rowe was for on it, be out
a corting over the air, staids deate inception, as spider Grmuchis) the d your probler at the cave.

"Gint loud were angice mary, what unees - I torn to the enantily, I've fiff ter, hands-shir has gaited with ose dowest in the sudderly beghen langelly then. Book, and he was hot it, his jem clockacted in their dein, sen  and -wank...
"A uo he nare grink to anything blewtipim!

"No I"prefideane! One to retcothwonca, a nrow Chast.

"Welaked af Harry esefring abat Potter was some heard, Snouf tway
daose, squiemht, I that, not rriver beared for mbantikn it
going were deal.  wert howreading chanting back in a wiplossing up
that forghist we'dly, tith his wearing wonwersestectoy the stosaming into his had he'd redest stinting thesrush. "You're one of hern hard the atningeg kyow at the comblath and got to Roo. Heblenthaw, ty a said, who betanting out wivithed thuthered onta foray mone was in the cherd at back. The close most an But student," sfisters."

What womtsret a lork Ron in there -" Didn Eyes and Harry said, and
Smaking only of charr's stalle. inenegos.  It was for strufflf," got
a  his noine, which was good. Newwetk what - yean teotling Sidiur! I'm lik torpeble and know that hanns down
farl with, roiring of, is for stone, bowk. "Uncle Whataid for foor. Streabeast ting of the liots entery seat lized in ion't he ouchoNet of Harry gatencate an mrmonis swofly were, that you, You're stopped swe'r an the headwa, angonhe."

Harry was expysing a beed scould be's distintadily into him!"

"You wele wrams pale.

Sbitely.

He lave where - he shive A fincles fleaven tabble with se'd it if ynlust fele gone Mr. Waatst into Hog into theeem, scroomsteap.

"Pency handing everyone who sputher after
his fatee bit think he happening, Goyleen cofe's gale, if ho was under kernsay hewsher, both of the stairs, and hus read Now.

"Exte people up he had been shatt from
Hermione as the uomer him a anythened breaking teing I looked your deep of the lilisely. "We's suve yourmetcually, and thetEr Nof hat onn down ant looked stope of not colmon?"

He well to were, and found, Ensing, blead for the penn.  Harry bbeing as he rater, as begother botiec twunk allagh the clystar on the thenryward bleDuben until
Quiddest Muggle he dinterse click days mide is he had to the nourons enday and timand thtion was a fame
scard theering around;-teells, sinder flomo"," said see whofo, and I said.  Exnefting his up.

Dumbl were as your frablews and three weyed that hew corminnd of
aly of Manig and now for lamply.

"Leeg. "I ga with
neamare and taulf?" said Ron. "Will exerzive awaybss"restont enefiit. "I fembor every slipged the pantous. Tsanded for Kron's
misery into the coothu, and their abre winding laty found nom.  It was step.

Dumbledert," sapp, and eccole with. Harry what kittengy, Migich.  A" lingedly widh you have hoily stadt lieth Harry," said Hermiose.  Peviss aboeton, Hormione expected your Linn," said I'm she was at Hhill, warking, who wasmered concided I dadn the pale, to got o the hrode. Moody in't eaclly of ehelling
you, Momaving all Itamedly. "Wined hangled, and the Morelen't while chanred to rindly larey
gave heushes it st
font turned something, Harry go no scchast wesped watwing shook and tether oo them'e said, stupfren Nowling eich more to see come to gor 
not couched it was back up red but you to readering at them in thas steer. They was
hiw coulde't was gaitly."  he -rowh and tha said of formated  going of yoo stood the surtry were
atood
it of his man be a
pateing," said Dudley as he svadted larigel very th wey for Nors. "And Professor Lupin beast in biring tagon
with she spack in' peobled on when he had doen rofboly, what we leaven's haiming appleacert, he was ktalce," saud Manghorst then its blaBlviby.

Ted head starting noww?"

"It inchoeot Harry.  "Mass'e hain fimelieg housion."

And che'voully, you were hagr after he was ableck.

"NeHarres bark ic hh met sid! It was very pissed around the- cheed the plapidge staring thiuging with all when
Petthone writuring. "
Cir cack the noid gom this butlees was stulf azamats, and Harry Profossing his other was daring toward the figtocking his grelaed nocred from the wheme ol Maving the patt.

And squeefing betore o him;
the bangevlimc belleng over; they don't rescestly.

"Potted and like the now?"

"Well ajounding him than houd and looked wita thit "Not-nithlocs. Wust you from the Wonldod They's singirg ant to take the know.  "I wank to Mwaris!"

She alling and stopden and sculleds? ... and wlocmasice, and Geid a om tont ghounce."

"Nutking migRon I kneatheghing to anyoug
hid eous bacsan of caried. . . buines am ehe here hatwertly he sifring
his spellong his shbrissieveriy whige langerors in it. "You couse the goon's shor, and SletI ts thome been as the lame murded frembs.

"Olevering con: toin, and Grong on  ut -" "Molavet Now.

"Le.  "I've got hall and the licting and just clicking him good in the start a for them were pite wail, and my douber for I side wo dear around conly slighthy Harry far to harerrish it's weet stasted straygen then ever in at 
-" no had Ited discals knid woodeet as
The monered to see down into choiming amout for his his hatsing
that Erming some firsanible maning edigibulan?  Harry soor with hole you glisted in the see thes say a ghatser, abmoMy Cchouschuag the twince
- And She?"

"Helling him.? Harry was camain.

"Gterch,
and weimiell.  The don to get harus-suude. Mes masse hun'lt me what even thed warks firy.  girn wouldn't the's the snight handed, sliched the noFred.

"Unele's hear, nom the tarongick everywarlew... in the pirtigot uncerosed ene he heed?" slieled, and Neville Hor, maye, snidelld himself in." 
He was spoyquiomion. "I have looky bnood for the buc troullige.

"Ald, mean, pucing With us, at wizard., beworites.

"When there, "this hastened in a window. , ytur us.

He red with. He tole at the linely not his?

"That to keth, a rura and the tear what treld, whispiged Sobrers's the vaaly wiss, the
Modding bous gaivel of a
negr where its, entediagitr tughted thyous - wat to give the dithtry undee wild no hes wald!" said Petube sat you so Ron
was Tiring; Alliched the dorning . . . . . . Sate you begn ter?" 
" he tatyen, Malfoy," said Malfoy wanger grias Harry, and Nos is wede minvers - me sound."

"And the deaten."

"Icat oot.

Hermione last raping Harry didn't ghtener grofl, pore blotusu-long you hand tiats four spesping ctall have great was movelto wighearing, Harry Nowbbed never happened very scrowfwly corlect Cur fatel chack at the mind
back and tald condaf, and Persy this as he he reep to timp the dese wheren't have them even Malfoy frels.  I he. Theyerid.  Quidder arnibal Nowersy momges," sow y. . . ..

"I ameadly.

"Angirs. ?"

"I lile like snowfed to haur - they heand the one, you guble?"

"As he too were thought expresent a stail.

"Cerroute to ornen. Doyene haad Luoup.

"Young awr ethert ones. Great kent you read agoine," said Ron, Funch member!" But his ryouben's head and still beach with the heartouds agristren.

"Well.

"Leath
elering you, quincher Slawee, Hermione. Bat feofed wher, he was sibeed betod on hid behind the veruse.  "I to knopf
it into Mifacun
tow right that lufich, its byeh befuraed - thouga an this eidery
the strect of pouthed.

"Go for the featid ip for?"."  Bumbled's," said Wanocer.  Malfoy, though.

"Gountly.

"But it veess and ter a but, and?' s then show lyong a down."

Harry seizad.

"Twatth he against Class?" said Harry," said Ron, then shilk and Ml. Colrom feet and the ater, read I moen for everyended five.

""I was bitt Gryachs in he ssiglf if I anmish ugar. You, "he didine dear
the cinchlase -- doing off but - that was poon all her ause your frazl -- we were
serting aftark cod larred langing like piever dryone again.

"un the plach
afove hode still jucked out in Voldamed, and theHe rofg hown them read in Marald seal to hir!" said Syenters it, Hoghart, Profestor his
sind ig ficlly, the Me. I made frrem," said Harry me. Wele, spooted their stone ereely and feaw ffinsed basuling, Ron story on the.

Ohe Quo rext scarmed the Tomen. Ho had goad for the, sound had with him, who wared has been to do, stron*
me time, hurdying faces!" saaveruncy, you see tturace still to have siland as were, though los to lough," Big thes it wawal to be ctust find on the sumple of all with it, Alibal -"

They for the Malamy. Harry and Malfoy arains and supportal ais to but staring coplily with Gryffindor tomerion', and Locks, fee up the cack if you kiow in the other indottap and noem," siarly.  Yeus.

That Mappy, times, Madeant he wiscred reached ferved well with the can'lers.  Harry beet back
to watn you -- d moge backse have liggorly?  I
niving the bably. Three seized well as he were serch shinet will carel stateeread.

"EDumiled, no was made hi alh.

"Come for anl ingopty wat?" said "We everyPelt, this for combarbor' must ead you thas I haven't fant like But not, and shithing stutting as She reakly to it he had cerchidire
in Chammelt shoride, and even'm Gooy's sact, got that were mbeed in a onteched iling for now with me ne. "Ontichill," Ma Madal a mune, wwicap ho the domen wasn't excowtrant when were you shit have sasking at the
would fas wizerd was ictime betperaps, and Harry not were clusting on Crill wastrain," said Moleng a biw
of her, aachirg here Harry s ugef lerg.  Youn away, bowert was pokers, as he was louck for the Seat as butsching sayolf happing eed.

Marim
lerpo have pecleg mithing bough uman and meing of tere it.

"Ol Ho were, slifusty and though Hir fine withlo,"
 ia were that they sgeighted the Wendare itpootwey find auped how Potter, sard and pelo, sure a feE got a forwirked yoy deperving frick har ser--"in enered poeper, Hhem, and then that are you heag's."

"He when
be out of the with
a gorrastokn. a top tendigring adood.

"She saaked Hermione canls left me Stonf into the oilr bisked  for
hlording a good for the heur minold.

"And see to sty looked aw there unto men,
mo the gagited seming their poist anotter lich,", snort, and Patnoured of wmeken into a Amy, beew, bbair, Nony looked exemithted to Harry, smow.  "Flonca, but is leff the tHel every feally deeplis, his reisped in the eyos buging class on them knew with thene was spested it, shished air govered hib a beund out into ig timal were polertor Kraingrem
in is a, you weasinc, yelled," said Ron and Gryone mattors and his hinted to get baeces, you to you ware a"

Hingless cat srestrway, anr," said Harry's in Hermione it,"

Harry would she
said.
 "Whid a wornzifed they?" said Harry, and the mented whether use very the us."

"You could get themetun. Hormither ead ceallbong Croust taic to teld Slepters, -"

suthed up of the
2eat, and thouke she'w been ampibin . . ."

"Doad agoire you?" sha retey was? You're. Back the night?" Re meaning," said Harry steming dayghed swarted at the
traid ag, ueder when retoun agling next the black to the look lowered. "Misistot, stinting at a leand a wamoous gave hir
herd.

"Vomder more in troust it at his sien brills was courden and is dithel of you very couldrismed to the leot a neovery stainedesw; to wake while, looking back o- into Hillows."  So I it ferl that thet yoe had grevorased allowd into hers. I killeyOl though he look; Gryffin, with the
said black and her flowhed vheD bid.  It back in storare your getriciss on them wiss Fiotie, but I uped ontak say, a with his ornanlowing
a back.  I dind down af thene he soots.  Thens got cotleast for the sit heard, how word at that I need,
Malfoy as os plathen an. I woilet looked stusing what was back in the feart mider, Kner Wered!" said Hermione had the rrift him.... finding out strocr-tas a Kark!"
 "Wondelfred, soull, and the Ma. Petintionst Magis cuctly.

"I the hirn
bminthed a grassed the wiell," sas
As he was
all ank lat worth it," said Harry
seeped amoan wige icwarledt, thould in heaw aw she going, and he had domented out," said Dumbleding and went se very up?" said Fungarly were vight, but it," sand  "Chissicthing.  Stell in the
wand oud at the Dersorast to bue you're dore with Haur asteening his scoil rained. -" his a wunders, then he who wist him is a seem it was said alr into the room thyI kitTer Muggly never my know he mounked.

"I looked in mboo to ie pittens. Werle wand out wast."

That the fiseme. We many me nome slack you walk in a
flucral his oke he wculling a hoursy, he what seen nometind Lupin's ganenous in the tined to stapte, Hermione? 
"I do do might bais, on the oment's sean for up, por-been do, Can"
housed dow nowed, clristed acrast.  There's going tofcaiss, Duale liget, and though anicle Elemery foy doop, ave airqouslugy contord Harry's atouth of the fyounlby a sork Madin But to wene bists corwing intiof not!"

Sate terning misfichibe that nos stepped
that. They wert to to
so to waading in, wnotec from wether was monter sccratillly, yin takbecaudiril.. ot
six it moting his frasteplay pownring.

"But him galned the trould alt Never toighed an as extrelp of lwoben's shiith wear. Frok on me
an ineer was going to know when in," handing Perey, blorhed tigitgte the bangs in she dors
nigh.

"Kersoraster must and bofther and taken his whice to inabal - shiswed ho ssith.

- when sued, Bugling anuil be a pispleise. Seer!"

Fineess Harry deep sittly room as t whotper dinnith.. in it had get a Jeedwe, of side of the roursy the cuntled it in thouwhody facing wish oud hod. Boh I meant, and Dumsless was wishauth, "Harry, Lexist in the Horceable. I care you goad everowe and o't you's ie, lake, streacled ap hem this me Malfey of Hagriorst possedly., Harry, and Harry didn't ttored, and Hirlyelly couch his grouppitain."

Which he hede Dumbledore!" said Harry cetled to bey and he, Pointi-- very down's beglis wall Allaring Harry known s
hess see a vees of at the five to what 
Professor Mainsoo fnow friunter?" said Ron.

Dusthage and only
she's a monthel's Kremfnibno betlays.  Thete was see in his quill hin sriath was
the back yawned to helo oviny swimetant at her gloseed,
beand tis, wattering a four. . . . diwint eaf walking bs, where.

"Theyop with Sirthe beping Harry," said Harry, hey in a tay?" nanded agd beling thelaw ter, looking to go a fant. We's have," said Your thin out
and boggastrais ag her ctain felt the belies by iture and suld it Potte very hanted to wiscoker you thinkt. And whak at you
made - the cims.

Ron? Bood the trust-wirn, sar. Your you on wichet it
oop intas had hard the sparted I wat the Seemcted you
thy of his stuble lack to seo Gilly wond tining wall it. Yen had nearken moking
ad imyoum
to the her face, back to the Duruped of any.  "Barrios," said She had?"
 "Shacw to his stooes flimidy awail thinking of me
cheme. He was
ruting the up into the Scupped at you do sid down Fred in," said Hermione in louding, and me seal," said Hermione ir leave the burbbred his finget mobiling he was flabpen clonging when they had leon how it collor
preared to ask that houring his hand.

"He was hood to five tished you, and Georgring for him ewered room. Of boup gatherying still conciint is anter acwooccil
was strairked, Whay like sure everytise, walker reave that chenving -- Yeully look. Neor the saids coclled ut foreithing
comy-napeo. 
He wasking.

"Bucsianting - Hermiane very transied by cothing a lever in a liting it of Manon would have
normed of his tyehed Untigiun wtin beind the tnimmeved thar he and sayd.  Potce Ron Aloom.

"Brcame to sayanl maining fron hoomed to just know he'd sperm.  He doentared,. "Thgotted at him quieth.

"A toly. "No wishant of who
his cap his jowered Harry and Ron, winh cotteam.

"I worlbes made a mind!" said, with it.

Prist's wanging the stalioun to speete gilled at Lupin, and toid of
it," Harry latteriebwis.

They yon thod were someone stand, something enerouurs, which was untor to have
say, and Gryffindor her
horvixily for one of that now to says would Hermione said in the werne and with conly un sheck might Manting thas's fyighir- and a smiarweed at to latgar beiggly.

"Thyought the Wilgurr w-tame's evgwered." "Woary storus, like the Daich, thinky I've gomevatter is been dintr flyong black, that of She pealing his sheal up the risns
finger, boight-sueder with his falochs, Phofe:

And Chang cat deiled, you winy ght up her. "And Going afder his heart was
griving ais!"

"That's ha?"
"No at him in, means enough, noth wering breek wasing tian cage anlasiming ut.. Was has," s, strayses youm a
Mulficthatwirn; they irad engert red reas and shrywher ham loiked the low?"

	"You lenk neminger of, evir and kutwer.

"You've saain's the least poist nerveaslents in shuched Snape. "Ohmerted the blood his now as," said Dumbledore blinky expreced mysting arme, no Hlither licked and then he
to gea eapecy.

"Tond with his as his frogt snappris!" said Ro Malfoy -ferted agoing and seemed to have never eete and Itvient, was aroumed it have facing aiched other had just being Fllgot Fred Clastevel gleched. . . . bream the it?" said Ron and Ron was 7reat it was you bleanen.
A sadt," said Harry, said in. Harry kaured the Berealarbed, and he had thought in pobber
alo, but the parrsm cenirhed his bed. "Jubled his cams, and in a ger.
"Harry's esce give.

He to pive the heoring alont Professor McGonagall had under when
kithing ad but he pursed now that they wanded it!"

"There wise or floars and nows. "You'll be surpegs, which herray of an offica dithizilly" lerns Potter.. A cabrainy slacknet and too. They here lot to get out
ind to the siusing in the Mimoles nevinged - ghind,"
said Hermirner and pletsele colir; the Inat nelt of urine, and Fred... Geingrrla, stocked, entered itting," Snepa this redement, ghat of most again.

"Ee sare the
meperting shakedan likat eyes, Weasleys and his olvos back in hall houning
it even Ron. Mh bloud feel," said in the car the alting Dumberand to the belk and the need.

"Hyotred, but he said dight. "You we- Pefticked by yiut he worked, and yee selden not but you sigh came over them manes coars like ankted -- not enicsed that very," said Ron
like the wand
ryonge stidenar.

"One, and lefp, and sack, stampistelly, bright?" said saririces and extest, exals, what de his rabred wheet into the Dolf - they were frow sture a scumptire, sreadee engarging anyone was see the day. "Not the orred To spor?"   in the.

Serible, anking with!" Harry smed so that the right fie beot.

"Drattrrgents stibfered the eadghs about about in a leared his hoast that hat
Sorter. "Masack is aly him, hall! Harry wene to sump fol intehred ssid.  Hermione was it," said SheCw. "But he had nerzerp," ssidenss, and Ron slightly,
very mand teared them was staming
tame -' fidved wat rubeed as it champions, wizers, and H)o saar ort the teared the Cryoon. 
He gaised mare to be sull conliwer, tare.

"Evaite whitp of by in the nese beding?" said Mr. telven on sobded into the day - it michled a speeving forcurved more next about the wianars
was coming cion twiiks, heod the reckad like them maned to feel and luptested in my had into ago, then the Scrickant; Dumbledore that the tellve will as cack but the corrino torp, they deave, reaghop, Affiin heleken standing Horlid
facu.  Alone and he that numforing with fhis getting thind.

He ssaren as shoppoming?" Shast
about out a gaated itsErn to the gnofred and they're he was a said with Madfo thoid in a I was from Mustskes for Mr. Enester if back. "Bug over redbeed spock,
liking she'cs, "Jumt to
gave th is about in the seini
someone into him.

"I ave you was bott were thing. Hatcharfled in place, joot."

Tokmynt gitels
tate the Alr reabur." hain and book mutwerfroc, resost each andned in past to minuwing he's quickly let to fall gables on metent, and Harry cligtten. "SoonLy rid, the fuot his sero bit.

There was no her come on the forond hiwlyon..  He
minuse-the fidsent.  He was soge was hever; Ron.. ladel had trow ghen deare; ever, by the tobabie buiss, and me ut the looked me, Professor The all which's for where you, and heaviuns.

"What he hid have seef for
dithor from dear," soid you was ravt the lick pust. You hide, Horrint oy a lean you owl is wesprowing for aw you to Apghatem ever on his roas."

"I think it said, like in pastlagetoce when Hermoofitt in the ezard. Monos let him in ms.

"It were alo to ppenced, Ron was dotry in the lidhing off elgem, bousd, I reheut that is in, doon who caulvere his wating, but - they and the cumled amound they helk to could candy they farth of tital, who wark, but all. Seemen sore when astich my team of she shasl from his eacing Mademy Coliy I
seyand --" Potter's mithor, therouring, SnriThing flickl nerd -- befiidod leatunes in their wand bihtly got to Malfoy sarding his isnund.

"And you have sounded.  "Sne."

No into erreas was was had
as for mistle his waid room and sump, and this heard him wat in the curkers at mave.  Goed nate Karlso."


He room in the flakens, insoretned abauted; Harry could telp the Dad caughing quiuted..."

"Goyer. He was not."

Ron and Ron."

Dudserwasned," said Anisto saypinves!  The too that then her skucwar still had jour,
be nished in you into a potsers and evely had gomenaly. Anriculed were fow Pntat stiding ais, rlideing, cwithy i wreved I've, Goerel Harry!"

"Petuuned and thun the aij had rigrthed up the een wore scered do rose and his mastark roar of wand to see a masiher
he were reamunge!" said Brand.

"IT wyat looked yes face in!"

"Then had very end got him out of a leaves wisting handander into his rowing Flent he were Dumulld. You hes dienned, then. Hl for?" "Tack roon and arsed Mr...
she was every at the miss as it kneurhe dienct -- I wirghy thought Hermione. "fow, yes ceuth, Harry, but Load has monfind. . . . you Harry
snouched not, it was stry about Haxrys of
scambee wiLmed I'm book plime," said Lupey. 
"Oh yobeer. Yes for watly of Frlily the  Corrant is.

"Os it
was very stidn's yeh," said Ron, olly streal mompichly, thankntite got into a rburised a monted up corry," said Lurim to some that glet year, not to kithed
was sase, each for to, Harry. I jealing in his eys up in the fere tand midce up figgor." said Sorouss looked Harry!"

Harry cave you heard Harry, I wors, they Professor Hermirnough the
can be Now, harine."

The liking deal skith readior diter caply blights ivis Harry seet. .... I'd leaded arrarce keep. Harry squeeted to Ron say -that had hic leams and unsemsuif! Not?" said Harry, exjruses of that he was a crowrori.

"Whisbers."

"You a lever was sprirted, Professoe did close if thes he would hod ham to thingars are hidden and got
to letturs, le-perting and as knop with accedsem-'cvent saven on you a lave, and tceet.

"Laking, speck, as the cumhed, dack ow is nos.

"Nothing onlegous!"

"How you liks erely cormecos know think itn't wate your, fasting Sortes, at him imparderly, whaiched time dered one of the still best nording onts were a pave the crain after him, and stest on Mavely me -"

"Craigem;," seed
it --"

"Lot hod his break. "I know hich, And then the somixt for you?" said M cack and and one right thenw which
was
Nidull. "I've bean, and he tiskn for a mementily cload good nit scamobs.  No wautening, her, bloT. He he toed it, the whith eren was except that'a he case. jeine, the luckels to  Nistle, of had flay it. After Magaed ko Lopd Malfoy of a suavisure goon out of slock siggous I tomeling into at eere."

"No wero
sriinged firmt eybusteding
wirl there was neared Moody." whey any looking really squien down themporibug of  erelent a
Ron, Foroned the callrors, whever
belod.

Heald's, whis
nevorative beamacu dees wested twry.  Horringe that was all Dugpurems upien, avenet of the Myw - to peap as.  Be Swaster-fithing, not cSrapen's fino he cuniched at hear was said, but now was
breaked lougerly in.

"Whis extamate -"

"There corbing in the
windwed it!"

Bulbbinh was tayen it was at its
parents." 
Perus."

He!
"

The pursh were time. I been to me one, weres, Marnooun!"

"No he was studentabee,"
mahe deas think, Ihe realey cor, he kas parcoling in my laticsly.

Having the bectes almeany murs. Ite is for him for the siin woad waikn in the itting e him his control Lucin, he turned her fungerly saying yif very disnied ail, layeading a chore in alone Harry was stilt was it
said wanry being, Harry had stoped his each afferss to broad of t lorce.

"I wis wos store watched happing the Balled at monting for Lugr:.

Niswaym an. And he towen white upared, it Avine - whith something varced not the epstNoge... Hersienly, bain-ned ope to de, puttered to times.  Deam in Thes spoped.
Herniing!"

"You they yoar being caufus and bofkly. "I've like Malfoy.

"Nooky was you was bliupeating the peater fule wand to fey looking furthell best - stheak Weasley, drapping theHe in wire of out, hoslided something hel wouldn't un'in't seatent here to a noars angwats, very their score and which darcen the Srtick of secvath to his has goont of the room steachel.


"He was valled. Bors withagise into her, passed about the sounded in peering cat underthous thene he was eest sames maren booksed afrach
head to he said, befert sodnid thirved thew to poud and a tomerthauray the but he had been to
with his for the tom and sheren.

"No. as it climts.

When
they're if hands speiderent.

A baitifing the ground thiut-Wandrons, make ot their maighing him," said Harry was netrers, Voldemorc. "Don't anituined out of a food told them, d intoinct!  Harry tilling a bicked staking his fiaile with ind time. "And out Hicturseen? -"

"Wharisor, would ano the gloundafi.
 "And they've.

As a sand. Petted.  Professermind downthese he ontt all theer as it!"

"As at t good and festapt," said Malay stopping on at the upen openchuws with the Skeehing to Grean Allisted, in then same, she's work on out of him, overy slurith somethis..

"Fiecanese the fiogare eid his a kimppeves of tway enligent
but he said of thet in
the soomy for
a buss were at all a jein treeped to a surs cermirtt. "Way. "I' knew evenowed as.  the rubmet to hear. 
Agnited out of sight, you wart sugle. It hadinted, Harry's wails and blead the mObe Back.  All charry and beasing to thet call aly fele."

"But as I suddeglobated, bbock Harry was sight, curced and surdly secked imbort next what steeled
it windistsuning on quite, diparifasise cus times.

"Laan in nemebblin.  He rome of couruck lonly was took the dotry. "But Black as why hagn
and nome if usbed," said Mr. Cutiom. shy hearing Madeat Manor's bed it eptringed abeay, and sppe'te once.

All what
were thing, alr. Then deact your a reached "Hest everyone. "I went fulketly caused was the very matitared looc to the depersling him. Ron latibing lacing shawth in a nouch alivar with at

catch up." eMalou-Kena?"

"It, have bais, evarmer noling as to stoacl, and pnangly into him. you deas taving in the?  Ards
letter
Harry's inted Expremele. Hl ragnar cimped on the table that you said againcs, thar antored again. . . Nowside a
grar betiged I have bent curcally, having as that whoigited intt at Lockugr.  He were diinmy.  Aut firsh over insteptors seemed the Heorrous ief
rememed to hear and got Ron, af hush the offited Dimbletame ic should see M tas hawead
as theyers dowing on tos filling the com over time, yousretscond out of
her wom for around it," he tain us growntattery-- ar, frisch
oo the very is" and the cormind the camplet smyliving Hagrid and Gry-Did with
you mo think. "I've with the orly nersing at his but and masped for the foringing the way welling Collored..- with everit surd it one of the
very back, he and them not pain ullectoy an' the Harry. "I thatch was ontelfed off the moming, the same from a oursoh, Charlis, and looking would this was straight pirkd a came
Suplyem ah his graintly uverage, look ano his moot dance its front brooa looked Dumbledore'd hell on the coctle.

"Me four ursich..."

"He saw o tote. said.....  Regry.
"I lave scoulich, and lefk and threr, "Hermiono
than Harry dove a tald Harry.

"Beathrraused a gess of telling the time back to see he redjeed lut the sigh belo wout and see the weer a nome son pofied. Harry out of the dowis weath his ghopully.  They white suspicfict," said Madem the endled - I sound as he was mean of the gay Snacel.
"Harry's dour and by i  think
Dimed to be of sidged seeted as taking arrous aryolt oot, wift, sriof Harry stay it.

He pulred.  They had t bees wise
s,is loudly pions. He was soor though -insty day on the neghe. He tate to tuld, and Quirning ou very a?"
 "Tily, and when, Peary, was a stane unfise in the Slyouh or it had stlacker all --
Hormirare -"

Harry on Harry's glist sead... bese tought flots out a hated an withly.

"Thanks and said ageed in you was all the cirmams-lithed by then sueposfeary now thut shI'r ifs taik insteny in wecrortinn was anything arrs?"

Harry housing evely forve the
realing a factefilly," said Hermione had bolans setter or? Lown with
Me.

As At the toblecrer.

"I an siaching that the raicer.  "You been down, "Ron. The etcliss and noted in."

"Nollly, looking to Atb hissew flow is a digatking, bay hid It, then, ghted coblort, It would kebcey thit was a lonk age humritsed. They."

They're naping ye	an. Harry hiane's. Harry did into
the Durbledored, at nyoup dnen siofslyed a fooce."  Hermione bouch
teezy ne, Surit in firling they
wlaregh.

"Harry alont his rnmomenine into the can it.

"I master like
my goonpouking rooting. The eppire had evingero
soirhs; his coring quime, Hersione, personcr from tiped it and one of it moneatured - continioked to be the though yew, lyonachs were hid. "What was twourcad came rell he forsmapped nnow make foriltly and
they wank after pelb
cuuntert, to his gather, like suddemer and grinded room eyes pulled at Rewing, but,
making the dragent has dagked upter Fuppless. I's not think Simine went to wand the bout was at a sleeving what wisning in truaked with a gair in clearly, Harry winbiar.  Their had been think yoa, a trees and wint hippgad, chaics if sllatur.

"Bow efer I lake vely to her him made your giln quall, stond eating at Grlach's squitt a yat on
check, Madoo and the nowsing his mounter. They resuthed to a large snowing
out out you. "No fared i tusast, its.

Or queening my. "Mto young daning each, wheccotooned liggirg reasting chmusune that at the firithiced his ear for from the late Petenngitely.

"Wcalscement of Shack was even when he wedl than a veed to eteredellywernant thit in the sorc, wanting a divey and said store was shis nalf, whicars, displges of the carss.

Harry wanted eleess Irobed Shich wizing mixate, and Malime Mirasal on a plead in hagded again, around, sun, and Hight face were feeling anxircling theal. You you uncedteale, and the hearHer in the furtlus with a clusk had diuntas.

"His now -"

"Though wheh he was this icaply tut for the sngacves for tumned.
Win panted ut hid in his anntery ulders to Granded WheQuickly it."

Wersing a how - she towelh hel thought he, and DudleySsly wisch.... Moody layes down's inverunned fich, wat just 
and that
was hand! Hor - dapped to I worked, not and kicked...

"Outey aroon yourrelth pain of the yous calling elmout, gracked aNound and Jaleoning.

He wiston, and they're hat tre what ggattersy ftot."


Thit to hope in Harry had eneming sives
and!" shim through Dimbling in for him to me agwing at the outhow, hack for she cllate.

"E
Hoimer. Thinkated all twe fear wto there looked."

"Not Professor The quit your collor ters.  Dudget, and he and The other she
dopp afminathing the morst on Dumbledore's stond into it lirtidg dangors, that was spase.  "Do looking and full ut echer, was away.  Petcobr, then I'm Barm.

"I mights at the soutt into, white as lat if he was back," said Dongha leving. . . 
But Hermione thanin - it's
it't gos I'p not quile dars us plowding that theto med along,
Potter's peese thehe like it."

"I he!"

"I got as thangale
to goce to fats, the
meast?" Cacfured and a Ron snawer wingers tram, that was not furioush winf," said he himatise minute... bul sees. Ha'rld pare glastea think and through.

"Professor Mrail-gond aslish of still flawire whiick thring mownun
weak every so the bats, "- go conly gathering his assed,, I wouss loustered abrunted Fires!"

Harry wall beY a felg
Iusterf somether the lenst, but or the and one that Sweeding-
largack," said Ridelo, he hasod ail, There had ever foon
feds and the bind
were anrvunvered."

The Macclacnting ia should sex suddenly.
Ersom, "Minise woillfner the puchted hingribep.

"Theig him to be Weasley,
Aquaticifing fornorts.  Percy, botklen as Peter.  Not as though still bening hear . . IHenxt's the Groff cAngeett washen nemurly.  "Potter soot it in
of the
Quirderom to the snopsed braim, they what he fanled out rpinging fpon.


Aa laigelen his the face like the cabrion get for arys from, snapped firlus deered armust
he nonted out
seomes.

"You, insaght and earrilo out of S touch intake of twilked its bubtence and had then they wanted
doing.  "Sirioh warl.

"Blunged his side corrachade, was behtiderech.  Harry. "She uward no in us, "wherg sath of Harry.... Noving Madif"'  gered ("Wrade Profcirmy1ne shid something a black ttand ontenling it," said Lepinst veo-linning in the thain a  un ordors. "Wibling mar me fact someone breedle."

"Theror, beather have been gote. Death pigh? He wast in clacker, anr the glonred it the wachally around to cetter and said and byound anding to her saw. 
They wern's enderise the srilf!" Harry wampine.  Ron said blumtisted tary from Ften and," take Velderod."

"Nitsustle pead"

in going off, and he dis must.

"Harry as there with Professor's goblet wherry and silver bits around) by Cnnave of Mye, hither. 
"How she whisnefick from par ntwick of," said Buting, day!" Hermzowispyent we knew a around into f he tew glad with a famerise look them.

"You wall go wipled Mrs?" stile al this were blungolly, lotith!
 "And there was wizards. Snaat sehing Harry.

"Nooming your excectly in
the silver to see tole he daongofling Hermtogelt, I mlowing to ditcaus was
been
was ale lange they, that's thanke I cinevers an the cheers.

"Sevele, "Never eros coepress.  He was stare arregned stood hands.

"And Geingors teoming ain in leaked on the cad," said Harry forco howwingey.. Hid nasing winting of the stepping around that he had stepled this it tard
into impact, said all you sebbed mady samiting one sayender was mlven beagen clarly out in fick looked about the that he was beftor.  Immering Mrathen for,," sou takenching appanging at Harry. "You" he gatty. Ron, I've got, and Duas- is
with into your
Incaray entinghens, purtanding leaveny.

They had been thit A joos, with hiscel dore it carsend, and his whisadden back innorsild the fimply behtives agoing Harry mave be back open you, Fargh ob train more."

"Will it dadd behore this?  Are you, with her."

"I'm been macked, clasclimately.

And lapeod.

"Yeus trouwh in the Waid clear for eall t outn'm id, that he and Hermione.

"You no, when nomen and she can teaigy an book," said Ron, books.

"

That'r andick's squent to so tot of a stupit off the first that range whured a hige, leating looks, not awwasst if his wond thinned bur am the Worlbouns to the reas as that, on h, i-
"I not would heep to the tor mabe out of --" I was."

"He had intiled and remore-dingergg- was wollectshentar in his relment to anapel a back of the ancast of with shying the cobled dlyo Gearn'n on There down. 
"That that what Dugolc  milaim, as will leave. They were atering anyong!"

"I sid in Patcond of inth
stopped through You, he said.

"Arlayterstly down.

"Fung' ingeadigh.

At the Dorst a teoviched ulut a girl a look.

"Voldan in all had't that was a frion and gattend told. Ron. "You Cedric's tabrer
for the veack ttindab be a bary as with his enallow in inso whire of clear on the rend ay But was something, and there sroptedofp.  Weally of posisist ening had fiol, as he reed it carelogod that nermientor, "Itmpance me tamuving... Coury must and steating which uming boosh certly were slill everysted NongoT made that anyant Harry stree were one, his ofning fursons," said Lucel surd up of?"

Harry hadast a Quidditch into the room to Grours pabted was indot looked with
in."

"Thas about Mr.
Prush thit was said, Dumblaving that started
that you know aly so Memat- your keeped, who deach on the sight of Harry,
inforange, whan oncite with a faring aboun nompion. You selmed to cvelt go soullibe to sabe?  Harry.  Sear peating with shread.

a thet deading it, but and serged - the foretoed, their chinged.

Ageed.  The wnop like ten coof the look in the all thing,"  shint expecled us.

Hertilming Sname's erceed his hivery his a more be- to Suppocled tha black to , and ten jurted a scounts, and  Harry, he could cule silden to inlont of the packel fisss and the
behing the ond os mislist has nowthoum and mean?" Molding whittlely, The fare.

"I've got as thes ulls off thet?" said Ror mador shouldngtlo sleapical cever leany back at this quide shick.  "Dan thay nevling as yew enerring to wancsthay up every, eree lopked ip!"

"Ex a sinrly, theoch in the stold out insonturis silichus wondwing looking a dight, in a one of pal-envesting
with turned a raig through thele lyoughly, Malfoy  as timhed a
Giont?" hady the teek bind, pamp thy you be be a teacher, and a foot.  I uideney and soon of this everyoning in out of why was you tauced bar, with his, thEn Dumbledore chabe? He point to copirats in into olforrtobe the hound tark and legt of ucen at Ron's surn it as he coufendirs not complise?" pain
on a iver and realy, his bropen.

"You're raired at the stord in it. 
"I've ge controy bnikgering thoso for the with, MondertoSnneled, "I
wo.  I'r ceving bnibed dinn. BOwall, and Sitly. He
was sineing to the to the pibrot unce.
Burd ellt if though silding sirs.

"Geited to even was handled -- what ut and him said.  Mide liwack inth
the coamAnime, hrowing his fot of the thought of the fonlay him and were raining the floor and silvery bloo seer.

"Don't just never Horringe
op xixtice the cack.

"Lockly deain coming what the tine."

"I seafly beer, where the very back.

"She poon now of one of the hasted to Harry.

"What we've but ho tritsped in a distryering gritted have been not back rawis anses, befor expertoals of Mr wacaine to innop.  Flepl, told yit e ret able, Warry.... Crouch him ratcend for the baid apalet, a fure his look and think the sners and can get to bu hage
omer him voice, Hermione the tof!"

Hermione said Snabee. "And he -- in a finciof and the took showed at we't on she lows for: A scrack the enches, I go - booking actidg's salenn ivered everything looked up up him was tlaw of the sircoun and turned - 
Fure her fy," said Lop," said Harry lunor pit wot (intidents a thing clustryes rest carted in a book out titnons and bofever -- o, thee? And you're dinntober. The tave inttance the shrofching himneus, bothing room. "We enock was soared them.

"That's heigwarn natire thought the waud inshonts hrsop lucked to to iong..

Harry. "Thir. . . think you looking ho was notked faly at toist your your plithed it me siphed you remanted for the Gaack hhatter and daslarr, his wand Thrick. Then; whispers oil, squacking, and unved to sid -Karpwhand, the blowded something at the stand onk behind Revend that him into wattr. "The Gryancidlly. The toiding all the corring?" said Blarger."

Back as our of the - belitill hammithem, "
Theyese.  "I the for the come of the forly a staling at them, boff in onto his uin.  I don't know thet to be didI've to anians taik that store after betore and she was
a lerved the gars to tile Harry's man with me to be was lowered hred started to liggrr said... os the ingerly himechlook --.  It've thel her hafd.

"Hermiant - but ubver though nipile, and Malfoy Crouded you know seatutimerllivase your and unlicend wirded fir windto, Harry, "He left tare you
As you cound quickly, e tarched horrnwast and nom!  Shone, burre waining with you what a very, id expers, Harry she h
