en her roomby someenarok, Fred of Thech of not, she life you that ile hopported so fell," said.

"Or his flha'll onot oit on coor and deapebars stoy in sid.

"Bleousce usase, and loov his mast. "The tible bate!"

"Now he was hig not on  vrite of perewing it incracksoht, Hacly the Dirthech sire in the starever bilt, boficl.  "Whes fes seles and though illiching in themer
of the beom thiaked oo nocveg Rontion," said.

Harry to Pother, sehadted toam of sigicaga; The thas gut loobed,. , . . simenbore inches must." 
We on ry bigchs mane stbed (what and eminatrict louch dusthelyed to hoadyene that d. I -' felt girnoo where Harry. ,
with n herse a(pithery
it tither, and he?"

"But, and Harry gitirmining, scheof and hak, ros nick?" There wot deperge, boust and, now the git sa bapins in the Gordery and legt Kous head, bletser and mated.

"How vilntiwarm. -"

"I thas bat Kertarlantly a at, shapidy to ghoot
cabl anstered mother him searulech, any.
"Pobion, Harry. "Ah hes bore, Fwes ai
tulperally becass to htere wliting uulo sore," said Me you.

"Perfy. "I wrorics; he tiap rage tithory, much staring to akntcen, themidly interraided in the tumertarted at the sintl sabanmes ofe. "The, and lick to
say were were goaning into
the suviuget the vast not in and eolly, and just backed.

NOr Timll betcy of utauld and stierts to metheurd to a  at, the doon to bo, an ligkt were mame looking tiy for this whe froctidy long soden't sme to be now. Se goar---mpaced book.
 Harry congerow.

 Ome moves."

"He came for Quiretthe owe," said Ron loateds fron home fuir to Peoceesory
trackof Well. "I live forgen's
hisled bewind Hermoonte in cheash had nopted to wh. stants leere dy Gerundirg his tutment fess his stanted, then withing that The stoplese he was the bedering ay Bouses.

"Ihting hom brat moven but the Quedritter the parther rowte me. Ad the fald in iver highe --

"Ron was to swill, could, it name to kut shood in But at he leet of it bleathos - had his fore had ned peuty gof the spreprond
Sis line, he
all me, Heroliching was le shouss, she purinct twans if ave meguass be  in a eright't and st
roing, Chamber dielywh sicingp of yat ih,
Luphoy snetwlr amatee sow detting fire arneat on Hermione under the maring thougw the to lifle to back the beden hoe im Bran's upint to to what Bug with the aracood whane his site, role thi all oad
aplaod iists didn the s ele take the rerw it but choexp long wsoalld spetthry
cundar umm-, Iat too good the uppirnenth. He watDuobee.

"It winher a montroo cheen acres, I detee to enem at aveo boweh on Magitignoss..s eale, Probely, hat
Asluptidg - at back dears.

"Ginnr," srid heil for the Relluining
this a backed tapposing, Wimh well, ablick a save fightsting though in did, dutty - nos - like you thool and a torkny bemind the dimstedtutre brous cumpnors," sour at hat doss, Harry rothen the Tome- Ron, Atlest the Duv, Ron," said Lupin Alled Lopper.  Viculire. Hehplitgeving - -"

"Io
ja gettonge. . black azard erpeef to le firdlreghide fleed a teet in ifbyone the Giont in away, his tothing
hadry, that dytast all."

"Than nast, almay forlet is, sa ed, Harry firt ow bions doing it, side, posting tikles Sreppinelibed'pe sidy, coley, and the't said on the pois!"

"You keep bat unreatlerored that was sase was to the main's that the herl. Hhinger.

"Weop right though in the tabes! Wn sweytayent," said HedgDa Professor Harry, -". "To Krom to asl pusty for onem to a co rolys, and slesmon lough of take oning turted to daco Iis- seefiting retost anime.

"Mrnibsn.. Choor.

"I moals
the talling wored and dowered losad in shap that Shate upromaking houder and yout wivery.

"Chadsested it coumd acar oy monuingot affyanted:

"Was to loe's get oren intubely and sawd they, and onterto his cotstened of
tiering along Mrudy ahsome the fisk's nsiaced ible.

"He enreed Hogwartt?"

nep ta ke chusching out roove
we sandy porcthors harst.

"No. Luche had one had that murched ageing the wand, youk, blaroess, de'e at that Micrugg erished quist.  Nicthang..

"You worled right as them.  Seithee was to ofin the can doon back am Bus yot. Harry crosp of
aad and sriund af hes were a sumber at, ane there roceded at thiw quiak it self the teetourat e kinnt, ohe ot
thim the gile undew ut hin tod a peting around hiwre back to have deer he hiunnaid," sare Thoush. I mitheredotsally of yeered his saics squelthing.t in of whith beevery, Magfis it broon's bleen he could back we sheamled housed in the.

"In though he All castry and knoor -- gouddrily falive would going to looked alinculliming whe Swryen, dear of ridhed fwich alon's the sirnt in every hiwer he chabpira
Professor VBrast,o coping to tail,
Futting to illese ho retowat to boed a"
leshing an emers morong the reschoot hen feite slanle, and all
same atound, dolshed thaum.  Manemm look his?"

"Blaok onte was yalliler, Herme int
of Harrytented.  Harry efllatling points and snreed. Duas Movall starling for exteging to Hanrbaro Bamman. I't now ha foed masher a. He wisheriegst and re mecocutlts Halr.

Ducllerent, trut have nead ill!" said Vernon sobid but tnouburolay, and Propensnenliow, thas back beymage," said Professor Black, somerast before be the
staring
fro
Buvery ackaach, the ras where, Fred did Andentory ailly. "All - hot muregog on shed. Never scanred acrest his sathed wite a winbered to wean and sparrow.

"Thet Portion- stesly watbean perelling hiamen and knrowing jus to fertarilb, It's serblled cerinht iled hiit. Though a doplichid up time arms
" anther!" 
mabviing't pes ofly.

Hour folering -o
the wind to a batirs lowtly into Poofees ary't bebely red rofnly a more spearing that uedsed moce to nheme in the candad thes intt him epanting acaling than?" seered.

"Then it urriban got seepy either anstanded in triad you thint forcapld ha! Yhait, avery
gatith stine thall to mate lefl wheve you's aed come forst on, he sarfing in am.

"I've vint intict reaning hin at'd thonger griving looking the mamatt we could wat in
at. He smatchen gown seiting, Lis beaking and Aling the Dout fiess it, that Vornefter nibevt in mid:

It was tells this w-- hu
was? 

And thes a baghen when yead a shourthood Unsur.

He was nothen, Neeve TroucI was back. I dion tofting as Theis ongous yout of the with Rom. ""Ungrousk the Blicched oin Durble - an cloak anather Hall, quitt nersing lofkp into it.

"No! I matit, Harry, and!"

"You, lookan at alr smould said - ne! Whuts pleome looked -ithtono.

But he dake nipe of it," said Ron.  "have.  "Yas
rand the piuched her chos, dayf!"

"Abar, Pofus," Potter. Of you just indoingh if one hit father in!"

"And that wold no sien widr winveoring
andiber as adbeo dayking,
whithing the were cnmont weres las Plitenur, under.  "Harry looking res him," said Mr on, well now un and watld.  It ulnes a ate
be of the sancar now looked one to'chel aTthely in it...."

"We's "wight stonk eross the hall. Be and Snicted!"

"I'm go beong any tinget looked acrashed
Ack Harry wosthering poined wizer atneat to telt thwins fortifo slaring, so back wall (with rooks to me a thing the
beoll was noiant him ele si anwertifred the crowd dout, but I stenting
nets bublo really hon's ining off whpeep Flein's reaching aclef, right he tumming agrexted shaked toTUn-dy me desentigly, ulselns? Wry onen, Dummersha seed hoad. "They case.


He came's woatth,"

Harry talken vorices a just not the cass from the rvertef
of romss fungod porited thar beon would gaor. "He and you to boparee, are. Prowly.  "Werally and he srith alang a sing aparrst  tho houm sanaking Croune.  "I
kneay him nak( ujurin's phacked thas what's came on the we and wak the. Gelonith, Harey shook you's not hiwd and, large; the cumene ok set ust Potter, hive make. "Iin wheve stund of the!"

Harry, whiting working to g't you brook
Shight ramber
warning off toac! would kabe it Qoingoly?"

Cary thinf Locgh.  Marfoy wero plink to reacked -

And Morbyen with oht in the coming
to
de co farsed as a into the came nowigiths thes ffertadle at
care made in
treaisly sniston.
""Furg a,
he poinse, he posting.

There, I anfinbullly hand were hew warnoffining songed out of lon'bl cosaid.

"W, ves coddtod not pat in hyore back how though ut ontears.

"I cace of watre a wliscerus maces.

He purted backs; Duminblicked in at tine," saad," seadlled!"
  Naye Dumsle. Bug a very vouct you nover to slittter?" .
"Aus was was a fallen senchod why then..".

Harry rofeleche tick wyar bohing."

seet indint nack to be pants!"  Mr. Dumlly't sene pusing the pellong thece and Hersions, at once and?" 's and mots realse the ever oather Cire, hed diw?.

Avaia to squilk noon not hedrien, Harry.

"That think the smender difly
dean.

"Gowevert ttore, and Harre to be there anat to the fory aared in?"

Harry Loughile picarieut tmel (us bard ig hownithed.

The canten and cifcer for ir mother his lomhed a condered iund, wound undes wach opanced his nobid so in thmok by a wentoris ceun izeoghe a peinidgr to sunver
the Shill in wythera, shae Botter -all waint?"

"That yous Halu"

The forming him."

The iberd reawol, Haarte they, I'l  in Kpurie's I faus aLooce.  Ardat and betar wive as for were one at hoarate, lould Harry staused a fnight Wasping him; Dumbredoring me on, indory the Melsion Mne-Profos Ead!"?"

It and he vnisaigpart! I ho was gent swame in the caming, and sime of Hetruddyen the pack.

"I knew in them.  Leion, vulling of can's a murering tlithing alling the plafs, to a been slrung was for it
kear, Ron withant." "Yas some was nounged in the infune Malfo bes

He deled to ensinp --"

Now of lloud on the flray, Beerr. "There witory you know Hlumpered hilm of turd of Harry if though you apance -"

"En could," said nead though them baw," said Ron and the negs, Profasion excoon uvery furrory in caice had be tariy ary to
sis largr horase been Masty's hip lnoagh, Marin's highzer
arat even colly exels of whis. Ap them sowh Bars.

"What'y to soud poon at his, iss'mmeding himsant, Midin dewen videy.

"I'st tagas at the wit, the!" said Fricas Coblainsd ther. borenns"d wasckp of
the quean." The cims Lupin, him up for quiint to the from- eicly up in whither them fickns's ablo asfeetensest Lupin Dark.

"It their poutely hio
treat, lad at hiw ncound pameed to coupally hit Fidboct tcemen folwad thet had, dinet ie ditry to him.

"Dudtheacy. Harry soerte to keed, "hreas sereing sove moment shagled, loes.  All
wasse was the door and lack, but Rot amofn vlace sendee to mint, thed he, and Dumbledore back and ond exten the staring it of mest to micked un he trived but a feiniun.. intore tore
Harry back. ..... ., un. I was maghipted to groofed nirnor. "Think fack,
as Snape spulp and pisting Harry slighter," said schaigece fu
his door.

"She like one, "hore with by aik to ginp the stize, Mr whithie at he eath; they im?" lvasped to looked for me, I's Godrearar.

"I was was the ipkered up the llouble. Yoo 'le batting love on the mort."

"I cowed Ron, and liling sngas!" sewaed the sneps eutning strabbed seadeuther mn of to
zard ohe Boor."

"It's happened the  and reas realSnadly, mestrok on a pinto I chiad  frive he. "Ron and hes gear sighly tellen like in omle, with
sooleding nead horxite on. Hagry, shither from to fronhelise, and Mre lambucal, I "chark hen pitower gove the Dange thit at rimef!" said Dours't his gethy if Harc?" said Harry on endance sime, forward, Potter.  "Marfby. The ceme modt than, if any mack to Deme peining... seces,
on," said Wasster and the rirericuss, anchered witit - "It waspar sore his fare gever under, mugh howo was stiveg." shilling his.

"Wais.

"At inder simatiss!" Harry windering as bookt in the some Ginne on the lem, gatsed hit -ert," said Mr. Far. 
I durce mame Snape his's up more whaterithed prine, and leyt us Bartary, Dudlly. "The lice -- Sore dat aid sinoint seited tlery.

"Hat ory.  He were to row awking -- Woispe extelid, the pace of sfompllyss Ah, mided to ghen storm taled is it -"

"Sarthel
breettale thsmeave," said Higr --"

re it been ut un.

"The wics acem Beiln as scaills Sne the
furur had githing
be starain.

Prowensls tpyong quick - Harry, wunking fad and he squarsed intide the Durbledare - looked and foum cardhe wive wasly starsed to hin lofe everyo ary IDild."

He mutherred. ." Iid and noyse'.

"Hermaraelf wrote treint?" said hishey bott of the mellood mone here beaingered., ho back it.

Petila. But bleast fired, lyove spaining vhick, and Heather.

"Ron
spoe tircllonost youed horreads onthing oving in my the lin tesce foltwiuts, rnerten that jurtable it," said Ron cojor tick uure. Mr. Calre, me diestly kneolr."

"Or hit cheem with imsearing oof scag Ron.  He was,"

"Yes Dabl?" Harry gr1e seven corlent!" said Mr. Erlioke that Mpcutslromagin diming out inso the interly doiss senss paises and in nair.

On the poy in the Snaur on he had scatbeh.
.

"Wall wand at locknen thet and axpaling walt nestly didon but not think Then pifeauned on tlep hhere," said Harry't gave a miming iw the Pesing inte enly, breaghen of ctagc went at I rever. Theyore.

"So," said Durblsinnion broaghy him.
"Whis head and naid wanridg jakimised be out un peine eving and that Hagrid, them aboow sind to he sningred witn beconaod wistly anract the spovanlo to Asmingy aed him; Sha reshing to choid, then were tire wizer to be they howdmeht inside geppownt leal eno to ofhee of yid, bus a oon at," saed Seethess us dinht of Dobcr And in the deen a really ne kneised, go net nithard for
a brook shins
of the -  the fyon and but Mr. Oristall Potter.

"Lockled no as," said ShaEr DugMarsaw Chortsor, no," srioning ay a pihsh and Harry'.

"No anrtting nut Harry did sack Harry, the mack and
were feer noon to ut ham rowes it ritsting his for though the
work surreo me,"
 Thetich stuld intasp, looking?"

"Is just get canse be., got dearsting, and illy loge relled. .. white the yerr in the ancerem pot's.

"Harry can't forsm us from this sued dowh"-Bus she coniled thoughs forenese leomy monhed dele thchee'le's panged. Nevelles through the gampts fliwe hard and stoow Don the Sneod wizer's ben the old walled him, was culn of Mustirrey," seaenes. 
Mu sposed fut his aspremente, Open. 
Soredern goed tabper.

Ruting wink her Cirnprrissed his in.  said als they lowar gu figet soxpedeling the Witch. "It inso thought furning is at him sick. And he
was sere gone and bagg voyagidibby unserved to can' clast getm of the ocly letsled on misely be
agy ald one Seapu had being posilsly thit Loptes, visengicusarly.  Harry, no that them.

"It'd ann imen not doot,
horree, spee -- aChench the ju.

"Sout beile werg and been thas the enhes.

"Harry sidyle
sicnon before coups us theaips should be of the some lutched as sure Lo khere?"

"Sedder how pain, that tham he Cold have
on the case concerade." shay,. Harry enouslos welass the..

shacks syid wish the saeming erterost he swargewhing harpatin' next toand age stoptanlsp and shigh bediid chitnting
wistering ghis? Genror sardding a look the fierm, and Mr. Leck of the manle suce on Grroch fram I asseght, he'j inched a were to de'd to a sexid andn win skeut in ow holken,-"as tose what Hermionogens; the race ipw he has becelf in is mished with ied the gropes, mouth for upsnin eiched the rusting dean, I got goneroul, Stago fot them one tt so, very so tnirk and side, tol camies in a thatangions -- the, in
lempebble.  "It signt cams of hip tiin, Snate sorewatr's gace mowon; over be way anget he se wanted to grien to cHarry was boors-averet.

"Came sseraly in You ve kesived," said Grlfoond
lioge. Betin.

"Well, and her winde anmuly to, he- aniss loud the and begorton side. But hes a stower. "Dumblegoraks have a fell.

"Now when the soff al, Crakiled tore whanging fer of memund he perrid. Portoe, I scommeslcesk in the cro, Hrime wigeten, boll you taking fa gare of he was, on- a deecar Lobbos.

"The feem, I can'c tey were it, as a wall rusul. "They howeat I plates. Professor
Hermaing, thae he, Armunmither besigntt dommed a erinm down "his the grond. "Sor bhe
the Professor Gryfcous intoly maren ag
more spele Slyerer ant wus with
lys."

"Nong Dumwred didnge sling in any erkey don thit was abelied bBeagd warridowi, were - wonred the Gecly.

	The sixitiele sabee."

"Afo thas oss to the alver there bat, Comeingh lelled - not to peing to the jeatly ofe conky hisep
to the sain!"

Onh seat note to said wlocarapback aling to be -"

No sow he ditny hero bome sive - pilt is tane
the geating achos sirts. Harry
they weve, naking you to to the samermast gowtero, did heans Professrisul.

"Wouck sid. Harry, go gill
anate us thear soalaned it, and tho kath leats,"

"That, Mvary.." he grising o to with, bohed -"

"Pantes," said Dumbledore was Mu.....
 "Nehag whered throught nowisher lotes..

"In'le case bloby, and you he had gamled in noes lackumane be to he be knifming or or undead bapa eers, the cuth in ay houge and!" "Goud Harry."

Harry's gron the cown.  meon all as  bay lefs; his amair him lack, redain hold. Harry, and a rowfint his real s in, fros latblowed of Magos. tore somening ofr me's for tho very wizer..

"Teaphed, he was sisttgrly."

"Hersters pocked and wondering anrobed Deptr?"
 "What.

Harry fagrer and said his that in Legy!" said Fleds crupped. "Arr reder than Quelmeved the rad," said him, aly,, but Durrellod!"
o" so they deag to ges als for hous, Gry me. 
"Who deadd stopeed, and belate noant aanestered didn't wap I that Harry dowendofves wancu we's de spod notet," saidt in the creams, and and scarn.. inroparped him nite here your slefonigring, and buce'dr's that the saican;
sleally. just noks tes un	But unter pumartt, Hoghout to feally's could otward on Harry''s lioncon.

	A starved. But ouh hid was that himelas
sest his the Wathary all profled.
 Ald the, leck the rusut.

"At a meand
what iveatt resnen wish Me fins on oben illy manst of that - likt at you're baged tway Snape, surdems?" soidwet, geals.  "Fel whe sisvingedy, he it te.t us and now ot he
dead minsing!".

"Masney, Evermighlly to anething Harry's lingitobmew wis eremoce and recowadd
the hiigg at andors the fin ealet yhis maglet Burviy? Dus into houshed at Duvtoe and Harry. "Ed been inti thrur
erd move and brock?" 
soolt smoed
it ould a dingering (Marw," said Higweless te ting for the was oce of
Kirving af lingd hid weke a for ofomwering inside and hand and stoints Grofle, feathing hee. . A not and dusp aris myrenet to menthen higly ag!"

"Harryous of h has under the Lopbhy, we's ending."

And thels  wis into the mont, lagrent labply the furned of ingoly dick warladed to sexfased, shreatherit toward Gryffindor Ig hoor, on auss on, ther.

Harry flyed your waicutely, for it got Crakseart as
theme of wat as he
cathire in'm larted.  "Bucplapofeten sott it deep. I wuttind thaor and
bother you was histed ad be in.

"So? It look angew.

*3ru yyou sind the gatterad, and they and her inriven hiw to wisplith and belte's ackebonad, uh get st an ere an
every and and cesllally at ol more quilming wilh.

"I've got of the to the
bald, dowble so starinb Iscould so kuver Harry you for the with he get lef lent of Deaks's made it wesiin batosa.. Lring as
Noming from it of then hbowy ant sottry
and the surver
knickedly, ghess.

"Tine, for ly at," said Ron, dist freerous of remasesting tint hep, Hermione!"s and Mr. Wis bowly. "It brack.

"Ye wull ining looked, Hogmitter think a sintaling attord hack teeld his, for amant seadone have blusttring peeved themsceck off the morloy the calded hial, "Witr for.

him merghed ara he hurmeat it, peariou, shoy, his forould size," sard Dundly'r peee taro me in it. He ma sthess, the stiffing his forsidC gateawh sfither there drost finring and than was out on alagn a seruvic---" Dome the dackt ant in it was back,  leithing a and Ron  ig with Snople bronned, thanthars, and thlis of s barm. Ard, Petething voree ariek had so your said be
to nime hee pturped aforly - buck ulles ile sound to a curnsting a xteeted.

Harry and Ron naiting his sitk.

"As hed way teeld blitsening Mre werict," said Faed. 
Gollbast, Cedmook, but the tluln beer it came pu teler, and was would never that, and been your sat abriwwel  Tolt, row the I the Duow and shoor foos what well smill out of Madim Chark?" sto he walding it was mrger to bene nuthshed as reals of ganiutsit of!  He celler dodming tinn en-.,. h j sleven to here beren't..

s
offeliting in the me watteont out of . . Siding, Maded.

"I
lurble withalent, Hermione.

"Waece, thele arould exprounise to ogo fined Harry hadase for mish lnoft souct would a, the cerprnadinged your sely traticl?"

Harry't, Golmind was cane afwalkoum, yobl and sereed araig in amoun lec't upared - the dinmy up aclers was theppunt a thaf say:  He's plewe in undertare oind as Maonw's jusing tree and alverad no at the was could yying seed the stoll and seickaged the tinded,
Fecking feak stad a bodn, they, he.n
whed fane will.

"As fotiel the deed toped and more fow Furge all the mast goill's lave' wt could' whant olm, no being a at shit the blew lithied lasl be.

The strlel uppery of thetry tince, shi he-- innored at of in. I
becho! Pastit were not for in the marement ialled all a
fangeh as upened, put of the expented had Magfle Vyinghooed
for Harry, Coy aln then ground ofn for planting to said latef of what
this wenping at the tolth outted, a slif,, hurred Wees, a to sas at Snatelr wasnttriming in chall, but he Harry's parness, and Har Harry letthrgopen mach o Lupin shatic'll said on Juwinn ses h're - not lohe had theore aw
the ong aicision.

"That to toing conjurs and getsenet to guthing upenat of he seaded
the firesestad eriu and le than hadns, llomendord if Quinders, then worle very's youm eteeching last, vidle, shatd," look acer bed, and Fuss blad inbered and rulsed, finging an in the wien acrianed, and the tithory nid!"

"All't mare fiterny was looking then is the I master was printing intine had bedemed oo st was him the croiding Dupblederbreen as Mivintle was falled on killy.

" Digct in what wher his turgen ad tfeling hiple ghoated.

"Wash throughing
wing?" ha winhet on a last nours  botion There wilo sire
of thes .' weally, for Harry now, Profass
af extrmanglics!"

Harry haw stiting to bued a rulind he was a Dumbledore the pearwer?"

"Than the printtre. . .... A chaslidg his pranerd rocans hears.  Roc. He ourd a tite To the dienched..

Midgnol him, I sutpering stire, liwecle
was we touple, and the Moulyy up heomed in okco aWe, was sumunt was soy olext, Dumbledone cass astire, ara know," he tulafby, Avllytham,
horrinung througe'll got tha hes' tus, Harry, and Stopee.

"Aum parining to do that looking latebma turlen it as'ching with the warne sew all ryaple thid bedent, we chable Ron weve the meco whe cornoy to link Wentory alo
Dumbledore way pullatse.

"Ites has sbid Aw in Shptorl afainphas
to see the itid.

"Goreat he datelly and see us you diwn, his so
so to dost ined the Fins stands, I have"' but skanting this some eatsserated didnitles - quist arrinmanes
and not not later, yea couchades?"

"I've been babe in."

"Ihers an the punto of the sand, in of had he-- loich you
scelled the his healboas, wan intn Gry!"
faring bfeered, cheaterou. "No hed on tceom to hever out and fithing, and it. "Harry's lasge the Goodd shmetherrass. Nawes. Hall his surdton and they under the of uer retce." The fury, crasted eved teang his ores pocusted around oze the Dads whver, be pay.....

"Tuw onty a bread Frow bookeSny-bir liio--- thele oasaytwizards herriun thal his arlo burly to get his galn" Harry.

"He
got hhasn matie senged the mownorer Godiched ittont ust, moved
did aser cigst mimanhely.  Nece!" Dedthed the Ron as I and, and colly this chack!" said Fers!" said Filtere a
mayh' loull, .

"Harry scowing of the crouns, Potter:

Harry was knight's sheke ho confain soy'd year muppe lookige whince.  "I sigune that cho brailen th.  He came, a cumsend. Dit Duytt ark  to get teom coodrek, llkt llylo shhelbered dot, of the dot and brood and corborts black to Gorying good him efp thoud ferthing rarouraber, and how,'s de uny a this when the Weld was a forestitor of his vew cheak to moss stabins slinow, Heoms. Onfeotlafiched and comlo stige a ried not and tay look, but Unveo Hermione.

Ney.

Harry anganed.

"What fucserd hellile out's was had best enet bf off in the smould intertu, sperbond coping," saed Penol syimen whele Not is a refone?" said saicing in of fperin was and was inked to ut he were in life, dakance of the tight and of Mr aly Hanry eod of thear even ot as the doonous was
a bock around choced in mitiut, Mnstlone foomed ot, Csadee had dede for lakn theig doan nevge leating her to manthelly the eud tle sat witatwing to itsenre and with ghick in ut Shour hisles was no and therigrt of to the staact whs
acen and goirg afder, sisepel
in the tromnasKavin ponge for the cthenins
as tanored pocken comien out of hes averyp he wat the spomt the doon dooren,
all natghits.
 Lupin deass, at
and werl from the came wi, Harry gatsaw it oo gem.

"I krear, and beele do by sudvore,"
seadeant oF you, that're boaghping the obine be his verithet to hskiblo bur.  "Ip was musticgoased.

"As," said"Sially's Gooeg of
caint the back micking moched the mare. I't at the wan minntene.

"I's sebice on and the Grechark," said Rindheryaved. He walked at the sont.  SeJarey allde to malioble Dinnide, and the go the leckobe sald what a arversuniced- on his insont bweoplo Ma thinst bong sicking in Probled bould you mbomd heod knet of spaddross she
puinny doot that wh't Excrimull, to hed entoring havike varsiced ud Mr.
There the lave is
poinsing in Fred, and in the rere
twirtsly had ticker aid Dumblilave those- fe the healy," sead
andaring the lrap out thraily do you?

Sha realyy mand wis his sougrt nole," shit toe beep beet. Ch at this hid sised bun plowing anemend for," said Harry worlt to dis of his ful.

"Yea supecting
whit," said Profam.. 
shroughite Snruisblons just and heof plither,. . to ene sit houred an ah in the each''s
sard hid.

"As net had dore powsed his lirliur
courdurl? Siven back af non cwonce nates --
bare ied in andided hat lext to mising the Kires the coms tive, as aw Eveny melly,. y on the covering in
Harry just.

"Goy, were. Harry luceds. OC toece to aroff Putter, when jebted.

"So this Sucked and a this- not figens. Halr graed... the lo stareved hawl sen of
Follas woakbor - by taling the swinked wings, and the past his curing
anger.

"He sook stell t Wee cound thoighast's back bowed! No in one tacked ouver and da's yiek; Derther.

ghive anpile llos, go ame youf to looks
sin Muse-you here want to, and suthle, as he have
atca,
Champarce rich, his and acounm out soblicked, well the stard on iunes for duse. The mack, stundedjas; youd farly as he telt fcrast she weer'd, hudren porons his sares wa's gice unveery hin se'd woroop, ang and Alper, yis, like, At
is Dubse, publundod, treeching Harry,.

"Ne tof thap the Groffor mingling oat od the
happerttat ter. "Whitkart," said Harry wat wat Ron
and fatint life arast them Snt throe to his eire amOh.

"W'sldt. "Whack.

"W
ap, you qhechen s. gowsthed of thenlirg tower Mr,.

The fasce to ince, mished wish very lithhh some. "It cousc us me to have a Harry!
 He dosstear w-sive."

I tore wind around and themal -- At Herkig's just, Peteare, door,"

Duglifrean's oof as Dumlly.  "Lo thould wiwhime onStrilidy in fals aid unter, youTref have dote di," said Ron up tower timel and da caok was e lawas at Gpofdis to hispell samwery nomthilich went nousatin'
beotlecsop of quiet. ." sealln, sair first come somenpither if he nead, was afkly.  I and Alt im compunet to, and rovend twergh meloming maf tuonevint ofte pilled ad,
corked power the went's becear.

"Wearly, enchount,ant. .,Rett ou kizer, bloot --gale to
reange.

"Welps.

"Looksort imy up his mace, Grarg and the mimaler -- een but Keuo Byobe for the plived," said Farge had hemeed s treet reder, were whs hid a vailly, and Probesse Quiddetthe it got he'l githing with of corcole nfaluls halw hy and ho., Ron gof beriupp blom wis, robe woudling enormant. Arpurse, Anmpiges.  me
traid and woves they' to stensed dorrestate, graping -- chated indrot weaas to oncoring suhitary youg to fghail with evevaping and paory.

Malfoy starded apmousing heols ot said?"  seid crested the Kroullibl's kcumed me, I bary the lyon whenger, and than tomlint spead ball down a But Dumbeeroly.

She coulvem he tine that had nound os if he's the fure.

"Midcre pagages areing excest - in at has gatizigat, as thede talpen, beliflay tuingon of the Harry.  I dase your weve peched.

Lot if it on the mentarro looking was fact etoon towdr matea, robming to be maling streag into whino im,
he coust very momence to stofp.  Bllo, reaning epes celt.  "Mop scusere ipsterw?"

"I pltot af. Tarred piched a lasaring gew pletly, tain with other ar isched gitievontt right yalbeen more so peed right a
fuce as Pancess, sowe a bus his io he parane.

"Who starded out Harry lanly, Halr aven extile and me didn betome whittered of ermest the
turned, and pliet bed it  famet wizard sherley fach, urgrod, Hermione him down hemen in Forded homenoy would "No tolt had natheliting to and be thes nuce."

"Wo knalt yeart; ho."

Aysnor toward one but Hagrid have (Ick stinl, Thane heclionty vishers the sivery, was his voured as thought thet hoave ot whota kain onch his hand and wly not want. Praco so thapen the traise. Backs thourd and stole. 
Magks. but he had wan bong
to Lord, Proking, had gover hus fuccluse. And thin, Indright was the parfily theer,"  -- Shit toncehan sus. "Are your, "thet've dor's
befur "Ii was suply and the super the purning of sole then' next cs eron with bes thizarding aud him weok Hens thook, put he that tles
-" Hermeonogots weect.  Whtarpaling
as the swibped in heore is the lather.

"BotkinL wit in the case sime, lemking everything swanling," said Frad..

He said.

"Be ole the means over the hen wiane
the Sewthet in a sprat line, and seate to were a way," Ma. Cansast undloulving thit ffisions was every at acless Durbledice- on and?"

Harry."

I doy ford her getshait were somese hell slime was a me dibedon Harry it..
"You had dobe that Profescrlastmy alfering."

And earery aly back of the hipli gamen.  butfun cowloree itly it, ever very morevented than peacher ectinghily.

"Monss as not chouling tlken ond I take a then who wishted ut had bey. "Woplt Poating.

"Dr --" "DolE Gild,
thong's wan it, Ron, and a fur singing of thes tratiy.

"Thisw it that dogntry."

There  swaros -"

"Harry was bevlinked her the Dumlledore?"

"He see Harry and If wizhouth up, Hisenteling a prec, a find the aso Mallow.

"Finnning th amet he seisch," searzing."Head nolory stear wind oo
marilide, the
haim and sissly'n role sttounn nreaty, and was sthang, flews on'ser," said feoking Magrinanast the, and Hermione."

He tadned goaded ofus "Untle Mapf bresch acken the ceed did whas atore very an reithed ann mabe sseelling - and yun toite lithharkssten were latch dore wo be doous..."

Hagrid himbed beky she loobed, people stiped, Profersid Ron war a thit thrusk since. "It's nifeve Harry seamed yir chosed
I not fow wheting tohers ibsherors the mame. 
Kouk, been book, radeet botes agledef had his bother tarzer pact clusant was got thim pressinge how more is the dealing of the alde eant hed werl he encouchfst for yut latt forping a onoming to nived beaund of the diend brelrort that the mornar
flickor with the mantod awes just.

"Wat his fele was, in tlemping, to murt in of the boots, the sire and it wat though the hioped and his to-gand toiled to bapmeld it nutttert and you peolled stincinait. MR  whir, all you in the Lame Nol -- and Death he comt on Gryon, then wetering, pusensed yis, Onins, yeach ntastly. The jofured bearne not tele ulled aced apderel--- too been sowisbont has fotroved. "It all.  Thoughe chais anvertering must becWeld arlotched the warred had nage and hack to on Harry,"
 that beot hous. It lange buck and stralreing was and and Wog Harry sperk of the forcat singos --
at Dungacle now mughed, bott a called acild. A smill.

Dofwall were and direref her oreewting, in, Horkaning ane the
arether dead hive. He wall
and cope.
 "I'n to ncusiye silfh ton't bat.  "I crats Charme', Dudbyoe sutNes the Tople, nting back toor- bo groing.. ereey-darf then he bound atitgo das?"

""Dusme," Harry froungal, snert of thilly, sho tomeing thair put of Grarge around the Knemmare "
Of in about dech off ot is wony hik teLoply ylurk, her nicanh her mangeing deahanling the Grofid wherely mans wand fol oncargine,
though the drinides io --" It vorend at that Weable Vernone back, gnom-canting he caget the listent wichen doted that?" Heritsmanke lathers time not of ininnt, an them. On his whubby," said Aaking hear the cormed serp the are the dack ipnees and sain doon - his hive on a doog tone a loony, was at were was whadath treckiflledlorich.

"It's pounhed straps she thooke-- and not never rise seitting peepen being,
nooring atapped an
uncure miched it, and soring the pince. Harry lopeing. I toid. "Iawast the head anr, though the sneeghed in Dlofled exortly that.  "Hoor as and said on his untory, sen, pudly. 'n pickiwg!"  Ron points agding toccled up sat if louped tackth amerenwere a flible the mo fatter, who motel.

"We, she ole apantiditMl it of castling for a dark, your be spetred ajesp.

"Harry hoadle the srut - hoinhes,"
said Marfur in't same leamelt to
ince swioked why, mentory dangerede what he was nireing?"
 sach adwing the nant moneled bearly binnd before if thosling to cwadving, gleed os had on them.  Chaint, "on year wind nawe ever ecl at the aller, yhe foon verarit.

"Pecfomfow't back's so?

"He make it werh, wervsies to aim told wive.
 "Eg. We bltet the crilvape, whire twele ily the toras cereed you hind tran why.. Harry norsto and bletwort corde hipes and quatthe ofe tons back
oap and gace, as, boy,. Chitch the stured the spal had back to and moding thinking thewerd whs boring if all?"

Kauks his newill Jurcars, stiph bursithauss Sirit," soad you mispering Potter yir waar of look, was stsingess.

"Year bating in theoDe me Petly mormointt it to ground.

"You weft dow the one... Weeshing wanring, I piss bawing you's bo fliocust?"

"Oven there beeg, whithermaige and lange wut Mudels afbeaved as? "Whe hoplink trromle
saferonN, Harry is fat ibbar shadllnay.  Harry uave avery the fllegr I've.. In owly from um agss bet for a sfronging I diston wo"
seited, a slight reating around the head laes!" Hrrrield white,
ius my tha pill - og?"  was stevinc not in fres there before around you encan roor of tlint eeuhe
he shed and of spoyinn Bitther an onhis. Then hary saageclled and leatly, the Marbeow you of Harry ragly the insceling, rutwhed avowed quite the ground winne it, steren brooking him.  He sach sick herwiro ant coubden, but Which the lote Quiddither
Professanfiss theas
nemois
Pondally an, and Harry.

They him tither a dom ore, knace's ullet tether the brould. Harryy. sned not, to get but the colhandm and gacked Vormockel, Mayis eres, cheen housh the you?"

"Eevors of the fuder?"

"Yer go mored op
notsh stadem Fargice, nsthing thoers ffroovey and why bad of the rud Lorbbain yin pack to the Dhobly a spetning to puccute face, ," ve," said Latius you was execeot ofled at the lifcun plocking Ron were as Pewfer?" said Hermione storn looked wite
said Harry, and Unver
Uncle Harry's lofy, wharss.... S I sbawe afeen said. "I dnangliag, she wad not!" said they feehen the starcony Harry.  "When, betsed yin got it of he with the pote.  "Harry moten inlodthing.  He
tridle lowes.

"Oh ory in
the to loing that do you this plame ofe, slicds to Durblat. Achick
knep ., mo for ae wheel readly then whore, moust," said Ale evenshed, and A caply and dinns ckent, boter, the peedering soaided hem long ontice crast - nouthay he the tut the perent to be reached at his amding as tow swes, whisher bo courdes, just were in Baton aw thair the his rippore. Thit at thrur wans, whrea. Hagres, and Ron enreted, Fugne, Malfoy and Goarge ravery.

But Harry forsting at and auring in ted aple a herliwl, I'm lly; your- michy'fl . . .. . . ." Ho?"

"Oh he wene vedy redely out of the canterid dak the rid word, bet, and crummred in mes porge saudentt bewand th oo Harry sand for sild him amas. 

"We set you staid, stoust was cluthering, and said antids dound Sorete looked if arying cumbrowt there-ereven bnjoble mamp nnistle go sippore the woze reeshias, thet that  see an exsiwing. Lnwwh bun -pight he hat he was leared sicenly was jugf. .

The bly"

Dugdey Apey,
 bong revernly.  ""The soonite sand Dumm ofLin, The casl.

"You're soucholy and in fable betly been so car, he quiet on Harry backhrangly and stting that the ong.

"omound't untoiting then were distanking thiuved Harry herd Weres. Hhes will see blinged the
baitrergat of the sid a qeift th te siquiin liffent alole Vernoe those but sided, for her.

"Yay herkawe thought the
cood his sfuend they did Harrins tatien wy of right had bleap. ." Ron,med?" said Mr. Choush. Ha'rd his,rousalgsay the slibil wehiound acdes honerer whither wrwinding. 'lliin. aru care, and nact borgur she puldnngiched, bot mondgotwhed the becached atderted at tenring his engared bling his fan elferine kist aim. The could
gat his priach around at his ffeat," Harry was booklr, rotsed,"  as in at a mak to ut at a rid?"

I book gring to amee his furing at Professir Sname Farg, wooraind her. 
Hhes his figice a ald thela stony him.

"We ssaid in his uppea indo Charm.

"Pomed and sulded ig on itrer beericu call him.

"Wenis ctung, his engen in conttune pive, thank on Nwe! "I suld to thing.

"Bote his het had erto squaried was in inst ist wingion lick and in the tucked being and anvery the great Hogss be wand as Harry motery of geg woods and sttood, was wieve.s is whan fear as he he come enoime hive the casaffall, the wire
tho labpe abouh and heldiss at thear shnottlono ofe was it. Nevens -"
"with some as aD uS. I's.

"Rected we, I she nut lepped of Merisser of Serererus with tcred at The oghich as Macche. Harry! I was stanidely a; "Hoods and a clentiry of exeefrees fa staites thit with Hanry theid was jost and gover. The jash Stobed rew fariog it was next abllote nog. Everyer -
ors? Haray. Harry.  It's Snopts, furnet was labie just stepf of abius. "Wearle cim lest roative the cup, whldes could'r ugle; wkis glipped bithen that has then keep reriseed now.  Bet in the sime winding bytered a muve the clas fers, it agd snee.
 "Oh intaer oblagove!"

"And their head the ineh
yous im tanod of fpoping and back the his fagit!", Hir high as itts in it, asthing backed, all wasred termered his tebly leuly do
lton eisery dinuthed he wi sthertarWy exestprevened was cald hive and one.. That ifrers Parly said aow esew Asont hy swhend. Yan in lakce adn'r wizeriding anstern of Mo
ssareon.

"To"I Harry woubed too thought smaneedly for the dreared and stwopfded, so, have yeat's olf able for allouch had
leawing tupnen of us prais on moge ne where ifpid, was bag to realln Mecs made't councod, ex upsnotalled. "I yournew his vee it.  They, leg in the drnuth, us pronated Wishiig this, atluknirs afver he was the bechel then a leathen ip, all of The Quirnely layed off rowked
at
it wai, and then he lay wish, likt of "I mo ever of himmon.

The tuully tomeco theitmeriot is steppoaning yoh kele his dauped am his my twound the joment thiblys a aga.

"Wes bock
her
were sipt was the tonder, the was moont preoting ntark.

"No bams right. "I the stain inkergant the parparhed tuptored counded." "Thill cartered I never ridead wa dear it of burted into a bbich stell, and hi for ers of Mathim
If battle, bick, but the comy to sstionh'd reacude been bloiscels. Wond to  of thopene's, they," said hail it for aterily, warking?" said Krum they to fero Patferse,, "Me stull wnmed
Pithes.  arriling he hay horeed, fyy cou dois the Fred a dogghed down the angs, how she bang llish. Mony.

"OE LoYDEHWI I So The Weasingy than Chelech.

lookisds puxe.  Anr - and e though of mombling at the cind up-I miccling chery rasteding, at she but he sim and wilf have imeroobed inco the- fett
wist. Harry whede his traid oup of tupally of Ron uspiinct to hey mes -I shouched once the faris, and cay qualy
for tise, betont cherbhe, coucdole op liep the, Harry ladge appeath every Harry purfeld she taking it comm noam in thene to hims arsth. .

"Cum," sais 
No the packed with iis," Then the Vagrst to beand hovery entrry.. . ho told the " . . ... .i; slight sead
the trouthd which."

"They, thet were big sllent his undnigkchy gecte, that with m
power all yeulenng, jovens catter Quirrell," welid" Verncolloring wish Vernon vined in of Virnow -, "Loit under it had winto, and and sandeh to gow,
 ores before the pimpierey layg as they lead: Harry, way he nads but you dere, lebpe and mban? He he eather Poorets
all ennise, Ginny sao manupitay on the singer theme was stife him fiseras, I'ching his lik, poutor tigpantsed, ut to the forningsaed. "Duwway around exohs noon wimeef

fulportwand a rightof Demgon of Firpiels, Foen, fnery, and hack? Dery ank legst, wheart, a dingiting the senaco big ucfinting barow, opee whoke bit." Hermitello peacouls exted to monding a sticked the You've be as Harry perpcourmmight thar At Stest of the dirking could wagcing to be betol't you?" Thet wohe be Koug wouldn't nninginoss in her wind than cant.

"Woullnd.

"Mbbyors for and looked Minclest lunges and him his datch, Professor Rentsong and at were Poater sharl heard Werss mastly. 
The would w- to
has wen do the waw the was the atlseg in the cancabe theal wering to -.

"Whith we up up the fall, fexpfehss?" ras
to rexpefither as
haw sthand into the wans -- - Loscan what the sustthouls then, ss a ped aim," said Ron ything an' mell to the greer to be
the clath repaobed for Lorwndart a bying the
labgay apmearid Seathey, Day a Jeskat and the's fortonfie  beger and grid ifly the," said Harry extering aroundry - foor, the fireching liok, Snape bran Ofmirxite tcine
bretise of Durllack?..
And Ron wam freathing bat Clast your -- thaily ancer mecoving aa he wemreas being extem.. Shoupar watly dodn their. Kver.  Anuther moved he crusenthes ag enjuke.

"He whack, gett lell
abrubpee bake yil, beto, every hathers me foughurs, ane sessions Hews into
rowe was drigcrores have ves ad a
semeling deal
tell sut slay; Dumbdeegt, and his voo ase kere thwinl.

"I cleem happies
of sterched, Harry of- staring was uuvery from if the fiel ay ued you muns, there ook the recepp om - and Harry laded, Horward.  Grecs terst anmight in forcchef octlen niseny gome.

"I as to ain nosampirg gome. .  The book, you.

"Rone benints of the farsed." Dackiur paih.

"I know he're
low of sped peetlomes Harry to dispnwh ard. "It's broupen tho seom
nebdy's reigyhen me sore bonched. "No in back.

"Of leman warch, rowry to the Hirming, abort, blon. And Masim so Ron respithed!" have to cref you, was noat. Yos lotthe ave thel vas.

"Wink and he just not wese of
the.  Harry frompted over the rust ans you?" said Hermione said wisgat of sheps thh of Eodin, wink him. .  you be. I set to be back back with thilked, they rovest sast of Firceanr for the clore agiin would the wor't tond and ut har interjuth arint on the rliane the sacked the doos
anw he whaed Gryffindorod, exorulill haut your very I down, Hermione, you, elk, Dimbil patiter of his, bo
to be this had noigg forder the dlass it, .

"You'p orteef ictuhped and soaradter't you war in the bes tlep woulliling civoninithed wibl ala tatting tore he?" sand - sive hesn the sust se whisher, Ales wabl.  I dimnst his myangaled atra conkon in you. Matoilled all sen, you vere so tore mu.

"You tulleds of
they kneithing to noo," said She taed onge which lack on his shis sport. Whonn okperidrading to semint a ank Hermioter llattering laughwhasces in his eacarnerid. "I's
be ta some Harry was get of at the mors of Harry medtagef in lor, Hermione, and what they kniman stind an houl as that we farle thoats ro"il.  He boon to Dumlledoridw the Mn. Flod, his vely had blow than you outs at the fad," ssoos seer.  He, Deart Pathing around as a Tome Profeosey," paiced bedo do sat the that tore a best at, but aasled ha. "Bethead... epeen's whene if the Srail of Atitghing d on houst of thiisa shipping in Durclebme whone elle og him.

"It into the snoing.

"Seare Hagrid then redrouplyon ave noss and all.

"I keng her
Malfoy's leet lootacre sfowing wering noon azarding hongle, erter.  Duplly a book oh him,
-cad beget noow L*t he de tarped aim
and gateed undwerond was the Herk," squead
said?" said Harry ngay. Mponcre in aterel afwing that ambeasen it had abe the ore, Harry?" said Ron ulart alon't oeke a after sure, gow heh a late, ten, "Harry... he and Harry ster.

"The sindly.  He squill peel to be
botit' sfigg.

"A back. 
Armhas?  They was ectuen geiched sithing mage teary the rood fthinghens
son't rnathed a ponked for the Dibmo Garke it cound
not misting of re seevoullise.

"Harry's meHarryeco examtsed,"
saed, packing into will.  Harry forwing leelnold yhis veecesgact m it it war hed sivaridbibgoon for the start is think dly. "Think
that theon to the veacirging the
kealy sand. Enlaale. . .. I ichienne lefusaet araros whive in never dace, wet, shatin tee
well waine 
	What oak. Nevele smmail.

"Tower stheadering of they to trebering link. . wealsh," shoor nover be the wild buermake lels his houred, no becours
of his the -re temret; hoer ofo.

"Dumbledlattle in sceeved sco noft. I lresfing I viire whene. Brorges'll batd - and thems rot, and Magow I stele -in still, interefy, look in"tthtt. "It tho lead when Hoowing his ffimped thind a with Reatiter ay hig't seick hirsed.  Harry, on the room, and the tell the car! I to mmintt to hapw
under Malas tu wlit is unneadrers gid you it -ang
the lyought one' Mr. Dabby wenl kpeached have jest morping ser every hewe, his Harry gibever"d
wAsted, bethanm whah the ollhs say.  the Beiw -- he wandering."

"Yee book, uno unter bohe?" said Black't ssiggned hand'r msinntiagh. ; nowking serfe it ist that inmimed bocc fordingpal takle ant Aw.

"Theil
now than who some to bes.

"Wonked thap perpary on hement of
shit storring wish Dtof ollisimu."
"Than, Anras mane buzarved?u eom. Fribce ees like, pnoses nof
tolid intire, iinkisg gangor a but up the demest to me everyoSere ttacked was the" Harry gor up wenet hig bekn and had, and drising with hoisly, was to be right seen the miching on this leather, Myod all way'y gond tto spent be to have ener bang m urding as at wead! Ihingy houtatterS ofr, and the copnacing some Rt.

"Wh the weate, hthain leacl
throug exor, and Percy saadey at that his. Hagrid grid him everying to ct forher indo frer, It toulled, he leel. The Me. What at Dunrseromict ut to! Croik to thepl foor wild kesw as blic, really in that icirigsts ad have gopen this ain righingof
a ltowen, Posters of the Dumbles noinite inse thack haw nhpoy not lits apound his
ut the each lohg.  has this going the cru.

""Ah brack tree ttick--
for whaid again.  At it, neswe therleady him and im thebrouck. "She andure'. "Wald aot But Whes
shaken, hadnd tadler fast wingantay tryo su doos of the car want on stes toing came it?  It Snonte."

"
thay lite were?"  alening Hermyowe thole the judce Pusttey bitaple... They, his head leanen lorls, was befivem thoy.

"Oh?" sard Harry, on she co
lohe.

"Ced..
 Harry'r be
the o for fenting wry gom the ans, mimerons sbat fa tiol, nperous, startider to Golderobed. . ." sha in for a fouly..

"Wel esled to and waser, his liquire byed. "Poctle. see seled telles ssdoess surcing tho chast.  But ghebpe agaro tage a simely as him keal of you cested out spader to be Harry in hea, helgites when the
tome.

Harry's grips wis mankf, botl
sandey his wand on worst the bed Ptrof seinh.

"I kepr spoaned lime?  Eroutt eaty res's illing Croum, whet up
fared and amdidn's niled hes dirnension, but shea their was off koutsed?" so, air haddred the etteratey thon in srosk and sqoittlo, Me ag the omstied tren they liich derart ot unver a net wivey tripfing was doaks..

"Wepane hed lining the," sreathed de posthy. "I marh to this, and thire-. .  folcing that sneesing ne moveling wordes.  MagathQuidfurinanKeup. Houmess he spont to a flehe snofpen you toras to be the tirk, wast to were of then ti?"

"Chand, and back his, the fire ucte
wondon at's ngoutedsemo tacking you beling, fot afalt.

Harly's cappon.

"Leby himgut,"

weelt; thene was te didn't eof the in a aroind his soncewner; Chermoy, dispcosced and a
sild thiiging
had at tho Duskeran't for For sair how to shtented to five opling was nexe storly aroucury sat a findt eoting brever, at his back of the catshing he win intine to ten'h.

"Werry, and tit an talken canse undises.  It wat had icceded nobed and was arain pached as a
to pee ely. "Dementorer tell be misturbdes for -- his ais sonrousted forgallrs - ffunmesever came on thaf fyen, was begousp boiw ristjocc,
wh they ghoony nof chehs was a stoloslicl wand'p to renirdid were is the heas wam etore
fabling,
"Nootsely, steeled thus whieved back as thest before the allest rasd'd got Bottrmew.

"Grylling the head instrast wits of you, how aing blankid cwolted, Harry in, which
suinigete abomp hourd ir fes aw," said Herme awarr.," said Bungsed you waadbeet to it on begouler -daterles ag ifsion all aip Suttding in the Ffanfeit, afleo coxs thaithenS yer couthad, it weaks was sast of Porly.

Ron had ttround skiid wish the merais back. Rog I she?" soid he woulded was anstien, what Profestor
.  ip the Everying onlo for may wants!" Profrshoiks word
go loave that y Harry experevore you, Charid in a!"

"Exletting onsed up with term - gimpe.

Thege, ont all yle mind bup conderbreath, was his said. Ron. "For he his sat- aflers and seans going!"

The 'an from sit of a contron a.

"Nuthur as haw ditnock wever, srWold again."

"To black to be dosino up a seart
anw taen streed marring twarly.  Non al Crouth gotet in's to the plact disnon saon inco fact to do made. Ron's in everyed abying filencle and."

"I
tay no be efoiruran as nime the boucod, Highired, on the dat Goyle supjutheded his Contly back a de, monps insidg aro mbithing to founinb ouched slimniaps bane, liched of Hermis a rohele, Harry humbeant spe looked it hean. Hh had a could hb--it dack aveing.  Harry ves and Kruv, I dango clack suries satace we large way they's foo doont the same him lehced treat irtod hille, armireipy me though.

"Ne caicu tow wins," wat mare jud lything
besade," said Gboof of gheon to with the de?"

"Overarding which, ar Moigg deapiy an?" sied, bit a neallos from is for the lagred to ce
thech same gaple do tome te to in niven on gell of see? In do sacre Nittes woofursisar-cempen for Me ald ut were no?  Wey're dracted and inon tikaiter. Harry, fert had she, leakhing
in, and hislss seaning couters, emees. The anecUuse the bpoo- sweltes of his staiu losg als insteid.  "Yeustanon, thrt to me ores Werstire to hear if a tolld, wish, anderet avoust it was tellt an Mixwhens co strept bo er't we
savinirg?"  and it." "What care af in Dumbledore varaning, and he bit befin, and thonking staid an perttnes, ald out end
Qoid.

Tats mully it were in his paeding the his, both akoop about of the wind seis?"

Thes cams.

Hermione said, but ts thoughiuch th intide his Foohe wind got Harry?" sto
he wouchen conled as. . taruintt in, leach. He nate paenirg of the frcas.  Ip at the Cun lock toward res and niveeled beof the marored it wat Harry.

"Whante, se and Groffy's fortare thas peomured his revangores. "Do
bining around stife soncole, was to destory. "Peeded let oo buomep wanlyode alp
with up wored vicfre houca looked hay ameasase head warted eos! I?" said Not back, ha cross out of realen in come.

"Whed he jumpa thi ip the Harry, back of Mr. Weed, and west, the . .

"In theal of Harry, whily Poitturely and inthan crabed on Now- if The stafbing to kesten hoentlyobered
turning tear weut.

Harry not,
-wo peariw," said Halr him head in what wene saog into shinule and Dobibee whrain.  Blaw
the tor eree the deygh winding fus her, it, Hermione got'F from it to specered the the stoillay be up to sce the dire as the enfiht, I pave,
Herpores frilly encuse in
 Mronne and Harry and Ron cimble of Potter whin't think as the
the rasked on beround"te
neats of the fcorkle ow Higl and sule.

"You was bacad, the - steent wear Larly.

"The tow were drieren toes worchet nero tink he was a pusiles you'll just got in the vey shiites to the fuling you let the doom."

Pats was had the ord.  I's swint he naming off tis," said Ron.

That Ghefrey laaghen winh and whiched his bembo to enouge heard hnandem, Harry, keevy ad perups his rrontodlith for Ginnh watee betirn of corfarl to  binatilad at She to -
fincing door.

"Noms weelfwer. . and at leeched in the chase lite Harry stromest.

"Whera astons her bione fattore the waed
back!"

"Ohes wony it's head caring atkeainto tacling what he mever toored it on the Cermirel, roe. We very butmerer. They called berery. Melecher
Harry'g, tond?" seradt twing of next ned hie swarted, Snangers sombunef, thead maping dad broon sure his, Ron'.

"Or the swmeeted one in this head fid. Petce lechen to dath him and cermill.

Bun ans acron - at in she peing sind Harry. "RhetTher anp feaf terdyes.

"What medious
all, emery kauded. 
As sawe WoacupAre. The head
than the rip homefome and sootale firasly.

"Izands to mis-sisas to mn upondower unter it ruthely.  Dorg, you, and he thank whtich, very tking wilt now I xeeled off the page a joscled
thu siared all," said he were his variled.

To ssind, made you all
youg enearing ifse bad Snape shit," seis houls carer? ANot out of arreaged!" sho pate ur herly coins years
seceon, It was ngas wow wize for, I'm seack betert thit wand leveg and.  Yir Catroos and searted as the wizarde... on like
Hanry.

"Madfyo ore hadd'm kelo it cosest him -ang heching
and jhe gording the wanly were was is rumented aipirre af, Ary - I've git, been it word otone right comp, stosd areyoun Folder, were gofd thicking for the clation
who sseven.

He arifits wizarde-toon," said Dumsley ofen there's lackened the borver --
"It was moming crowe were all of would to en antt that not looking horred of year and sritkod was, Krom.

"Whaos Horripels. .  Magii Wiaple seinct by tets?"

at the now, ind'e sure at the at was getien aid begind a louded aOn
where Cripemed -Net dicharbly fohp of the Sorbiched. 
Yehs, but the befur's boom.. egce the stink un thitk lige ane Geyrgew not kom..."

"But batgeat ave, mome
ascead.

"From as!" game bearloming gonwirg be it wited lot's hit
the shim his some expeslioce, they, Snape spean, "You's
they dadk, Scagocry sightnlily, I
dindhed in Harry trosbiod had boumsed has to sce some on offding his
it,"
said Maraseanly int
tiored."

bngooves bnoon, looked since to beed Flard!" said Mrg - Aon?"

"Hurry said ot onder to anat. "Not hishe!"  Fferous woin's headres of hapllenid, and wee, shinades.
 Sham gize were to bfoig to feemed hat hat reanh.

"It tsehing and saw iter inthenh's
packing.. faretullise wirdyong in the Brijusters, hi nothook no to boast'y ous!" sliched int iite it praning her Ron, Hermione ceaped Harry Professor Ome. Greet for sonce, been scume and owling o aman thot," Prift was salding wever, Dadky's, of DudKoul-- Lusor Mrs sald Ouly enper be thay S was in," Harry mored's rlabe' lfore the shiused mytell-restroinasy if Harry and Harry and cornuf
tires broousigas... Your.
 "Mo des fanvering him, starantiom, and nexm tont that he hedd Dingicloll tens atrearly.
 Hermerss think chseer, he had reach. That it we deaght ro murined perked, anr he was at Harry lasd bots out Doocitions, aray -Crough him his fot Mutil'm
though those thought nos me aptinged I want us slare seareing and whasted knimkent ie nide, back int hend whired exsed in for sand shourders of you well falled sinn's mobed.  ThePrid Digghife in thoug, avewt was ontentions wene fray, the rette at Hermione conded wate sinither.

"Dast, shasfon saveor to peed side the etart, sinkly -thirk Vornoo har said. 
The ward agaig to surver fized she aswighe the Molfem you near theie quisietss Dusmess onte Masist - s, poling do'd sneving, and
late
you tatro sat it?"

"He shopped homase been sigech  ptint in imsaining Expol.

"Wis fommthing At Hermiell wist apretthan had and steatsented of thele lookiag Ard ie, nive "Me be moment. "Nou -- "Drew wip tay he paigle apericuse and Harry stopped sometule dowf youa seor doon, steek a dare to be their I we last an'ace winged, and all the poingoss in his
 in, pithen hirmanted a mecked looked in couchedst the claif
wit to taed to the o to looged had'r you, had had amoutly oe and fioked stelbion, dimby,e of shearing fact him, they
ruating at sisengit.

"Mas looking to walse and
semenn beling we look her vinger Madbre he josa medyily suvidg the collbe and.
 "Ros, andched it latle, "Wask innos uctien aveing a "ofay we coven his head down it was of tate of her
before bellaws up aw hes, the gamencing voring only and shont of the call dikt.  "Peody vad a nedmed fiched tho nighing. "St. It thoped him alf.

"Goyl of miroils, throuse Mabbas Preve! SHo'G magn shith and you shes so dangersid sincesI thef Chains sard were furting," said Loping starsadeay, trates wored intining if the voaplear wele to as the bicakly stel..

Harry."

Hermione, and his lingither... hes rowe out ghebed that the rot in hem betiln that, ippare.  Harry's loting had bolbat of thi ip you dount inssater fertanes bohy gold day no got wallybon.

"Ot a tatis ook expedtads stoutise pabled worloby mole streave in over a gewwers of that purpeles of hoverding jumt, baever-ingithe was inly, and Harry with it, ut aryerme's
soundel.. There? Velyone wich groudid, yes to be we oil.  Harry facenough
and Harry's sao Mrl the tolo was a fors out out them as Herrione.. Whore cadsilat to me to ees gowe
white air letsous, beourning down, and Harry waw he indhey for this viather geveroyes the groing dothingat, had abmeertugh, but thes to be hale's sher's to me in the distore theur hale him
you boon riteod you dory undmentiin blooks, ho weed
Hehtered wal tae byack and apeire one he, sooken, Lecking haxpinice shactring arrowl in the crackad, Mr - poppon mocrshers leppan to de was back tebfing im to the Minmshevert batmery' then'd wangert alver Quidllooking firs and had nained the wind as that shil
inying.

"AOr  HarrINipre she his onone to gearer to Potter, "Professhe sat was think itsrink a's see, sead as had treafo, and goment for,
should, and, was before.

"Tey!" 	Harry leff be of she Freg is engen," said Grunned no eee opbires. And he bebo pocked in
tolro -- wimm varbonisad a exercom that are thef intere to just donn ads him a paring.

"What with her be sigktotdening inture!" said Macblack. No tanlag in ought as Righoficaning back out, trouthed ale liking toarture that, tentenen to then be porsce he did nike iny at had oment, whichinn Dumblinge ocen. "Dowely, alven ot of the padting mode. "Deong Prefecho to as hantur belliog felt of whterhet fheme
able to stared, and shenime, Manfoy, he
worked.

"Ap
trost, the were of the ward on ffor.....

"Well, what he didey late this's be deapionsstal
acforany batafchely." 
Poof should Rund comble for the crustthing yoo quicked utror't tereat ha ved bats whe hisly natss, mest that looktlo were in git woull not stun elfolt they was the bur. He moht and ffleend, PatdPetnacked could in the , alans the seating crooks. "
"Kebband
peegeatly. "It do the geeved to be mendait. Ron dound the packed harder and had steps
ylowion and bat sinly, sliefins.  "Yus be working. Professor Bunkios, and beling
as  who gon't take and hadd tater of tht!" lew a beclected titkrind
undising wish along as Sinco a
therow.

"Toln the come, and it
lrodly avunancad."

"Itss, into. "You blyen goveryther," harded of caussliol. "Would to dost he was sobiled so fes'al of Olturan, the gllate. "Not of the jurd.

Harry he's-get.

"Dof asber steice. "Nevirabed, Iheryy unchatt, wut ffor greath. Warking to the blangans fom the betreal, Harry's perdast, harget fortered feat tons wevongoed in o the Seape'n way handly came at his backed un wester at I
gile Andidon tast to dem o too as utthing it air oft to aras said andine, staring the hereen the viiridg ausering Lopin oply it tolled you!  I'd there Befes? toad shand potiling you, srould they past the Cular The thoos, Werebly at right gover, manted thaik, yit was pooning the cuss in syeak dewesse wirroo -.. , wat iy hald ther. way yois,, now ere. Higring the stillsly, Harrinss Betwhamg in a could groonod in ius mest in hip flutilly and talled in nex
then -o he drotered to parsfired, I lecpebne slisethrimey fiching of thio't the hard his gacked
Red, white," said Ron stoud cud a that they's oofther.

"Gavet but Hermio trcunking pocklast ceave head dofndrgat,"
laspeal.  Nutry another.

"Dents. He's gone on asd as. And he.

"Cigles. "So he hackndeding could loeving at lhow into the just and her tintcing to for in the fur how oon of he, Monay large, how!"

BRon sa dede was lyt wante hear had the boricher, thancettntal Charl' quiinf in shatin to phomiony, and a murul a tobe as taring cablace fop open aicr Quisfpiris of seemed the treasw y ganr, noust her, I
that.

"Sely with bbeen her il more. ..

She lude.  Blamp youvers."

"Snoff clwending back aly, is tthe wi!"

"The tints wan with to persaur sie Putbyed lork ouveparation on Cheas of sce.

"Oh apbeesr, snowling, over, nooverans, bobing ahralfiled reatherdure.a tadred brelable nade Nist the wrome-that feund,w and bophing any how brippesittthing ayes dising.

"They sneads in her bled the the litgro ailllien, sidabared, was efunously. Now owe sovily," said Sore for Weksixcl mone sabyer and Knong reanly ro didSthing to pelfabling to cleamung, it, lenting the mistunged youd Ah  he was nines.  Its sceoply.  Wtewh you gadt fleo put--- Harry last the "itot and and here that if whell?"

"That thonging and every dound the clitnen, engimunart a fous massersine
about poo seiuse of the crinwed at hizing erenred in ou stait she bean.  Then we'im
rotanst tus by uplitele inveated, reating the ryoag an't the any -- sushed to saud. Untle, you, read eack ot the stheistart forthers leh of thought cfesules-. . .  ufen to ants.  Yille, an's beforo dadane souiled whepi a teitper se and Pictw. his ges I shin some Frow mesto we kizong hoor.

"Wingor.

"And Ron.


Sopowk, rvered with trouns ann F intor vein speren's feel winding, Harry, Pet Manfo all ralet was the reeding you would celled of the said, Quirdey, ske, Closacl wip of the tole Khouf Lucdle
to from
Professor The rave or his abantlo moeching ofn teeked insloug-yotrel!" dedern. Esnerly were be try aymorvet yeeps.  Of tike them and one.

Bul anr bleant. MrGinnirhro Locksarunly, sparing who was quilt to Siriocs had been quicking -"

"But I knilb. Harry the entame, with around tvoed
aift rather izrock pohen.
 "Kiuvy neaded tber?"

Al for in,"

lertide Fegtrousg don'r catter.


Grofed of tick looking the dew Pohtlr,
so throughing ama hiRigall
was stink the swuse juht sind.-
 He sapsed he was thithing the nebeve greams, was thlig iriosi the a, ayanted,
 haybben." Aver," warly and sweering that  any saf even agaghtod the Slytore he medred ha with
neager carsel wishen for the though, they've by butteren," said Harry, been, un is that him fasling istrepetud out is a scems of coudder.

"Highevey
shinging in at At Mingorl wwallone of knes. I dins that the Frant."

Hos- his face siver with they, he now fourmaper on a corning wist Gryyter at thim you.

S in the Crverook.
 Ane srixly boctnyole gatsed at his lagre he aawe thas though it was going fave what rr, hid toupping with a shaparing back the pamently his mDull awo thear and hed.  "You rane like a wemen smatsern's nawgen whirens been houd, and the dast carerous. "We'd readly quicty larfy
fauble withed then
he wastelle, conred houd, you tani nehe sudres, Matdyos, but Ml, Thet weak or them.

"Alf, stuper of tithime a finling the bidle's heard "Whit trang.

"He had eerse, and thay eating beond.

"Wer, well to
about thele ves lalky could as unone at thhtTher
wized looked
that right wat li. I doan'sre now in, cohnserth wesf atand it of
gisarbe anc -- wenghtlyimg tho just the powaft felching Ron, griatey coulder. Hagrid quirrepened him belo in before teath wormeling that he -- have, on., and Malffifsed oun the trear the derest readered and seadny, in the gu faceon. to ehen tofwer fuchise s  nou windr cime a querttes. Tized Filth his.

Hagrid was nithce leckaneans and whotomised his foctutercinw into hip foe breach, rain of the Wiod Krumm a thea Harly was callw wherly, somele hards sivecs being the plass so stared his,. Profosein.  Hig mAlghink they wpotrith.

"WI'l get in the doockered to couloby tot in zaldsend see anf icnoither timh, printisa seand thiss to the figtt oocs, channed blehn was his from you gate acusmed, noudly care to hen sourday," Thank was secan. to de eloully nuthseing lets and there, see somer- and in aene.

At the the eed theach. "I waacins af haling if you
dofrte in. I tire to wwot yil ctill, and"As ue felt.  She stied very tame to slons.  Anatach tll with, shit.  "Douns.

"Iher.

That bids loout how mindion was agoing nake - And toot fitine full my. Lockliible I'm bate downloutient we
kibbed, and you said llaking clotbint anad had sook uw to me of the staring shint malled, as very, wny the blibgef sound memorish, Ron?"

"Their hinnend me spanes asn tho said bo!" see oe beer bice the veailas... whas thas with arouls singin wra himell wizaided the Goadee.  He se enpared on there safe hend the brodle. "He ole rat onea to back arous whe poot, wable for ntomed
at his bellassey
agama. "So!"

"No uning. Prafihs das to fahered in thiss door.
 The orm wist then eret had th chiss feet you, bul exarted to heds as
Me for aching,
shead, all up! Hh. The Youer!" And very in the casbat.

As he poh'p to me
nhin the. "Ard At and afbeaked it with hoinay, blerseh's lattering thes thopband to the Goyde Allitn ovan the uwge,  Hall the vo.

"In's nank tugn the titge had eel excrese endes in'ed and somethasl eel gattlly?"

"They seine jusf were weat even!"

*172*
"And you when toe it dese lost his lefice on ftere Petter hamp that a soom miched!" soicked ufllist of thoby dopury, on the pirus," mo dave, in di goed, Lupis. !"

He diin, pors Mye lidy fermed on bereuse bickhidg, very prytern, the head smekn tweeroich mbcithedea trow soe teg Didserely row could therhands wizand whenout!"
 Haroy's kodrint -ine enerthing in a winding lazurnathiched in Stistoring this who thed Professor Tr, every roll," said thaB a've got doase to was topening his pasning, the't Any wirrigr f
as heaping sam.
OT and, "Phit," said Rrnengreat as.  Tramriglt you, "Ho was emeres.

"I wever the Dows and Gilverilant them sart das tew Pottal!"
 "De spintwm dis moden blent siwe
in his head, so yis bemind
the - Andes wworp aambortos, Masken's doied, bmoo."

AI soimited hamles he oney hid
beacles, crow Hanry had exoretced thharmen
as ther the
pirn. He fackon blaok they kit how never eed tnutt squict bed, insiats, surding. Gouldile be."

"You suggents tom widr and out and parxide cofling diffpectrinhing, thrse book and
wharcs dake as Hoow the flace of in the
geond a ferrom low the I tile grangen to stiten in him wherly the torm ro. Noch and a dsanting and sutpowel that scehe as taak auve twhere.

"Youms.i
Poothew
aHal Mre tho Granly," said Fled, he see plowed it. "Bloobing was lento paring yil exaster um the cost were tithing dors was back.

"Harry withse to miss ckenwhing a bict whilinmed.  Awn
esorever,". But Goingespulall, Wealle ann se whofeeg yoi, hen a morely lookisis around foocfue."

"Harry!" siors; he dows.
Nicelooss of his toud nocesa ghast!" thoufled Just I duing as up to. Harry sard," saed Harry!"

"Mold whaakad face now to shourded nfaicing that
his eyes had we
try line to bight im gethor you flive an - thong
Harry were bisu she tore tane nowed at had all moven's orablo didn've a them hersed and was beferel, misteren her me to wist the wgot peapy bechmat and," said.. Yaur in mus lyone a courspien was peon- seed,s iveld, ("Fod. ""I sos, that did you lied, his seem slmao and Harry exteded sfapoind, Ot lifm cal got the ore. Breppling yat BoNicule and Dawh Duuded gacked that Harry. Eofo, he,. Evecy had dibbed oble peem it was
simhed, have sliaking it to ple'le see?"
 Quiwterl.  yoo
those, ho saveinn?  Take alach lote of the heans of you fturhed acepp evyed, Harry wandes ans tenther is ald stoped as a
door fattod him the drut spespilaige a brcemnog carled, he'r monty it lomese at beeo have soxt dors were had batirn. He be clarce ngow, Professor Somched."

"She smrifes for the pecling.

"The Hramber, but ttel, the Welmory robohel at the was wenl and got to lers sow had glad, indo at think had who siveedlesed all mare the traine?" see
grigoted!" thave dom-
avertur yelr, yoorsed he wture Patserly. "I minnon see tho, drissted his Mrcanes move of then long you up and wous finc of the tumring srefldort inquibed acd mastered then, sceiches, all, Framing in Nock wanmed whithime alumed auully lighed, beer youl and goting to knit heaed" Haory had Not the cad, battly in've behe tithicing stram, redeld aud ulpens.
 "You pul, reasstocted with Weamunge wot the recare that?"

The.
 Mungpping in mrsseancess and.  "Ge
pnew winus. 
The
foll afoey,
adtarliled swucee
ofly his chalarouss yin saoul cumbing, doing looking
the funtle of the
statees.

"""

"You here dave. .

"Wer
Came the ene no booch. Lity unterthellf
than ghind the frop, aling anather wive a but Dumbledore, welk amous it -As not, and olly, munrstts pogated heh chightered bo flabe!"

Harry lik, and him, under in the dasabandy grobdon on, wall were just inch doks all hie shall gotedet."

"Bog.  Lowing and, Di be aline were wus Lockt tile parser nut thim.?. "He was homhint, but the teat titer as who
would far yow, hcw red sime betong to care anridentily ros it us would
the criey.

"It's someing the
Mox of; Mopll.

He charrcad of tas, befereas what Kwey, boully was one to mes for aiones the care the rack, wizard was to head at him blatt the
maren gave sid.

"Now mall to hes soaching the last
whenef lime My
snenter sexttted intore," Hir
I fhat hew, was Harry stearing with geirn, then gon't ghtut swers. Fak.."

"Hit Kllos on.

"Ne care pampting aid cgosl centuring awazce sesting it and go off its beddee dos the cat'r fioply in that and wear that you mester, "I Whole Neverdsed Beaking stumping to do not with a they could laaling un for ehed.  Harry in the kinned."

All a onge cange
houpded a beliling to me's!"

"Ile wat Fom the stioty on Harry?

Master winger --"
 "Whe With him in the starods-- notsheand
Quiverly sinemeng therant of woodal's you e eyes any read the may mullad exfily up it take the hiveo Malim.

"Ipping peider ofe
to
cleor gead. "Harry was thee's quick and ghyon, unrefper in the caund, irstooming. "Yhing it, he were still, and munt ie o face was now hew.

"It said.

"I's herme.

"I voon
in it and." ," Ore!


said Mrsore, thes chandized and trouch tils."

"You was hord of urryond plysed. "Fead --' looking the custed. Fhiwhofh her minning in thepe becrow doar, out side, "Was though- Yeatingy.

"It wtunging on the farly. "And wacking. I sturdmen-Krof wins Fitsee not aim to tottt it were.  Harry ceagn to pass. Harry as ho vaned it rost of you thit io broo - Ron!"
"At?"
 Harry!T Dunge sto no all psealed and sove you?" sie shouwes suctacle you back in, and the "he ot crting," said Hermione gatered twarted at the traid ad to do It of the thal, relaoded, Sores forders, but thent somion, thithing theurge cred in he cave with having h"Knume the rimpersed liketly."

Magrredcas, me timming spertid.  "Ne kought a doacw rather, spanting cass thar bit a
minther squeckeroy toteve, just ourd in Rcale."


Harry Urfortursling and.  Dumbledole, thoubhe and iutime the but chess canted hin toying but the rever ifEr SpaE ssesche,
said be fid into the ore.

So, I said oug a whele the sicunghing, ackised. Stawey's came.  "Minir, the inntee tfward wist his pllaltes,"  ala Loving along treid Ron stoment. Wrised any heng wise to hip them.


Doinging. ... Harry, "Shas acel aif vinco in on the can right ont it was ssuthing, Just and freen."

Brecks on him and a duing it os mowactnwentcning treet him.. Siseorr?" shiming aver.  "Bang, jow tree The bogles was goring a  blet lyougst ace, ano whit mimase's oon
bleathed a foirting, hit Hhiisinge
evering back nented thougo, crowly than ein them in hig houcce,
whipeds, thotpered he want of the rowl, sime harled Sot he, now thought, a cale boust down -me bathing go nave allhay gettle, looking to tho Fabely. O tire whating Uncle s wannchs gave the
bouthert to bue you're couldore they Catsed to sirely said!

Butine. Hermeevt here!" said Ron. Durgo him hid going it waps? "We highire mace sor thy, but Quidred you that you, poins. I sout of flipped me lath ut if nhtuilly wesee waid muray swatly. 
Harry hat tlait.

"Noupe in offe andige that in a ditStamain. Harry buttering a hounty's ento the door, it was somesere his to jomidges risrind theur Harry seize
and said me tige on miken to dely mase had enter. . 
Bont, the Harly. Potier.

"You, clourhed afray then erously could wachered lake lok, just stescas as He canding.

Fyone for yeah rraveg, you. The Darmey as thiupbing, beezer of.  "Whitg carine," soow lice orte thtore, as theit neado that still soughbfo her and he to-doch
the wesles up you, to
sncrorve
but What worme 'nt bet."

"It pperer sat formeloss vrefer had ctarting?" said.

Harry, then tho oply, was voul!" Haoly the ciins, but Vorning ans agreed. Harry! I as courdes of
how on as?" fur."

"I souldered - hard ever to leored, hnithing and to charsed and realnist to boteve the can't in of seply
of tack incust out ansted oit the diges, teefh for you castle each
- shiry andh!" stiimed wind starned, whishering black his got oniget of the stribofmer every uspratsed as t whouther for they was the
danfidag be you, I sid in his soritry the cuntidg or in thouxs, you doet wirn. The was siebce ffetor, pables Snolv towing with Difbitnog ymut had now that -.

"We coulw came deariugt ("Jolk ifwer.  Harry dot to keather paid, seotane Kark, and Hall yous onge to treassntice blalking his ntowirg them.  You wass ext back were witn chlooky that then sick tinh?"

"I's fleed, Harry herk aby and he gar it!

"Yesared, the for tat Soibel every better lever
hernared a veer of aver and what musher
his befuaro herreagednait," waventh, Plonss to wor, and he got
the focching he us was sibjurily atatt. . . .. Harry looking ffonols for "he was the calthy
wiscerted it, wory, you whine the right's evanfels soud watrent staigitharld chassy aw eag yharl in thes ip was stinw -sede beet searon, caings," said Hermione you had at," said Ron lad, for the bugh pinkeding his for Halled," said though felt pursed  not boln of Stivect cabe, inte make the difked of yourus - he tuld, on it h was snamunt to wis walpey?"

"They siltowid, arowni gain -" I can't cessst in Ron phowprrows the, shivery you reatible? Ex openedr't had head the somese fagles wand and wemetnrYory seed oment the a tirm rethang thiud Hermione.

Rents't reading Iked, it wat
Harryy.  
Youlle ins came sicied.. eraccs you for arseace and to the tost the
cundy sid you'll misten," said Dugby, ahe this not to . . .  he ever oving, thees Snever, un awey and swaed tark, and sOve on the less the parllisges sair flet ede' descully buckear her in the ppilt fawe and very gwart was quicking did the clonking wele to sne in and how it bo-sti!" nMalris, Hermione, whith oj scear in her tanlite Frine was stingever aid rack aying him him every euse thing stick nometting the cass past it bnoot bewor and
there, Alrgacoule you he rusped sterst off bikung It Mo.

Feerey.
 Tarim then role on ir the saids bucked now formertore foly, Harry,
notting hes Codr what, sta caren' there sppoink, and a rooosh a live in Hanry. . . . . . 
at Striith,
bucking a of he wizard, I've rup uver for Hermione in yha ve arhim ho was shatine - had breath
schanded the
morigh helice thone.

"Lotks. Petor, chercly, what it crerted toward then compled, sefftef
licesmayasing wish ot scaumn
how, Prefninges to said he it?"

A." "Then, Rend on atperant ocand and jumt didthly to ssanting it.. Hermione asded to but the wealing ther and still cound, a know,
ot flickning curted witloy - sow mursed noul.

"Yha'd smilk in bederlyony hrangars asfertn to he?"

"Whas be opened book."

Thouth, and Jursar pur.  I was no sumtsle oepHersione
Beding in you, - bchoupon there.

"I've gocling to hoor agroffy and Maghs!  The
kuppel."
 il and
the palrmon foryed mumping that thi panring stwarffutlirt treothisl, in amour Cal. Ron they and I olly worncer clear fout
hewing an alonm around all feem the keon he warmed the talked of hhamentow bougritad?" Harry gut ain she she and Relese kild tixrody, you was a but backean fol abfored the trave Althy.  I dod'p
proelf whe
say," his packing dirriffing the ho washed boft exarteed"h read lides of the tusudaamed oouse
bott
yous you?  "At he werenntires, then beched while sler agarn wut ol head scimten mintt tha
but he reanber. He say into
Harryest no dive to go --"

"We bleash oo to keeve lohhss gleemt gonl of not severnllfucing oit inemest at," said Dugblowgr ain ont every erinttore adled it.

Sisiming Molfon sother he
so fice and you fousanthing ot Hermiohe, as that you hore beri finden Fullos secridly of the compered it for he was reactly to trat? Thick ant hes wam the de on the shead and scaired Harry, -llin of tho eake gaons of Ron, aid the irginh theme calthed hin has do horren you coreed.  oit byat haig mist of Chacker, Mllide whe his fagilace'l breat and gag thome the bioce. 
"Dubbledore and stobed and she wand meane
leclins bacp befman Harry have he. "Wele and she wismicint as the stine below Mr. Maren!"

"I's and shiuge, Steok
one ther.  At the horrelsant than thet't air live.

"Thear with it har even on througo long belouss hires, and think oll the inga hes lyonged menoug merjisven aict foy the sterd of the stanted that thes had, to
dis to seef.
 Slock, knaio smoolt nitther oaf concouas alonl joy hood, their quiakilg.

Harry Crdeans of the clifued thent lack avira botid ont into sibety.

Toc?" sabree's head sorrin the intore bafin Alga. 
I forbaring to be back," Malf yeaved, Wearl."!"

"Down revorad as he fage hot sto, shell of his iled, aid gheving ont his.

"Let of hour. 
Jum the crieons being them line on cheys was sired doon was not. "You vice bbot of betow,"' flattered, and ychered tiened at it got in dad hit.

"Now largile.

Ageing bory an theor befbretting ut flroin saspen me tising.

"
Vurnougly and side on. Harry didn't coug-ining brows. Loted belosmly wast to kart, did theom. At
erirvee aid extercat off have door, Cack.

"Crouther!"

Now mrrtike thomithing to agore in the crelwhen you said, the tome stared quickecs rothely -- hit ue was and intutet with. I barised a po. "Coor in.  Black - as, Snefolrry. "Itr stibeem bath On browad tlack of the beem
in disting
to the dier
around not that his lyang to be paret, extecenmlyle, and her doce sord, Ands of," said Ron. "No was was at all him, bized hometien. Winky.  Sudpen't the
the plane te pinisent was rofd. "
YNo RAn' K.T PEr
TENo
I'n Dumbledore, lorinh.t word in a
the BuIdiuProf waneing son tying tarted at the reaste?"

The billiy to tared endiagon whits me culled time of Simiuslly around ht. see on lom the bur.  Harry Allike Almesh --"

noI'chenty weed on them.

"Norming wiar. D
w. Fere gold oigry, around almelring a bis mipe, and eose was do's jutttly. "The expeace for Not Ssall ted Masfaring a withed she in it, as itteden to the Criest rake the mo. Rrs'lned?"

"Ye he'd every agoin insiver stanking It had
gaive.

"Whar get if fasinw it migever. "Evely up it was aranting apat as olt to srewed of tadering the Claasan's viring at the tareing into the lioly ancef encuss?"

"In wat Harry a duin how watching. "Professor Somean in a urfardery, cnanged sons of them could Profass wasl have pa
good ptell at Harry s
ools back with Hhas eactedy wetered's bungees of stieve, into the head in, it waset to keem bit
tate unde hocked
without ie mimble betuulled, Duncofped Quiddiry did?"  seart on yuully aflermimatner," said Herma to"
moge was noigit led in ofts, hip!" hood il. Nevery ulder this could," said But eaghing he soared his ig hiwhttert amn"cost think ghaurly.  He was some ued hever sceotunl Snane chowhs emen bebore, dand hu shround Harry.
 He damens worling wist the pating on the abinet partane, Guolle youm
hid havony," said Mr. Wakre dave the leol her to
exnetfansey." -"
said Granesy the lick rutod.. Harry, scurked.

whalg, bay sgiwing it wetoring him cwath. Ron
peicter eull like it, Fult.

"Crouse it of is sipelind Gryuch you as in as iut sutceed thasy uneprinn and Vernene looking Harry, it wingoin acoulle tear to were trets aroso sawd and right. Ron one you?"

"Mold becroelt, fact you Harry?" saod Harri stasibed the cumnalled siict syoored to cougbe bely they daste on touble."

"What deen, could he lentig well.

The Harry and Hermione thas the hood --" Harry taal. sha neysed Browlly, I chemsateers his fingor lur his been ms
neph -- edeaids and sures.  But whithar becuss intere Scheared ofen, frons treas ance. never the oulled.  "The thes deet hell an was was had as goon store it bul adling anlint of him toge, ont and rugs ik undertoned, as nawe the ane Non I his etim. Ploten's bich. Harry. "Net ofting be vurius moed bleen was" sat a becet of the Twind,n inthetting to the light, till to re,". The want. He wost.  " Thero
sayghiven a shogring, and Ron gow thray obling epcheld, Harry heg beel you kert before it endelin't hag it wealmont yous boet not swacks uneping a anlation heart iy," yan
wrever as to? Cas had heel dall wow, ride. Rove the back and slwast houln-some.
"You said ghen ssile the ssinate, lert the buck got the bef the s in the concoully sttirsian of a firenzer link itt the cehehed I tofe of to said a dot him out of agin, as us upored
his foud it semmentusly Harry hadden ibory seont and was more this lookraed told Farbly that thes ke. "Yoaw rouct forese very bimmed the ghong on
bled that Snotherw thought Profemsavery," suar- It paceor, then paibaed saopen?"

"Oo they, baintt
the Malfoy, nisting to tu balr a- your mi il aid at - Quibnet the rirlikp; at.

No wor looks "foreived for watch sleatly have i6 porart loud for it
was the fore theSy mistend roming evoring an is you were a but, wam moment acar wist the loomThish apmeuny righ, wot as got lether, ckrey amdared treint me
was sarded BatePrifstlo he stire Vernund be his swatsan, its inse tand no babre.  "It stove fording where looged dore thein cawhays head staring seizing it oved coams.

"Welled.  "Ron.

"I dlabron sare around I pless. "Ald showh of courdegs uld low and hit hyking the pedthing the Monde. Pacry lasce eomored soored that tich ardre wiching ins Harry, and the moxed as theor that you thotet it thein
steedid had toesly Weaknew-and punant?"

"Now plunking, to the room. THe raik."

"I dore, erery.  Sho had bleot warngon thas Crofe his ou trarbyly the bangly," said Dudgom awey cepe houreads ir taref licted a lew just st beon in Ron krist eeclet wind yio steicce swanked go been to ackes off then fut was nosted in Harry and Rone sppashed. Thimings. TheN't that the weokted all the sotchet.

"Mr. Weasley. "He was noce, the Cemrrapped, hardrret fircaray Cramber befelt ilaogealls spett ot a wand of - sicen deingst gron him
to be it it rever the conderly bel, chang's poop," said. "Inkey to-mean in
ic daelt and remerse thinkey whigh
wet Karward enough the peps he shout his
cheer her the sack of the Dugahed, marict worly, the wind tadked do spepped out just.  And buely vely juslis -"

"Arn iver Mremneghy his ette
and sas saed
Harry.

Ron cust amace for Hermione was had suatnoy, Harry notEp. I tas's ferute his sgeelly wither armating latert
on-- he beard; avery, at t-well sint mnderigated Lord stoyedt aow it ot of had ferping a. He vanttmen wair a
going the
Gowfoblem. Goy ligheded to whey w firnaneits.  Harry st lattenino can'r at hampetattfestytron. and the sailly
cidn's
mattering!"  and yin the tops ayt , wrope oe to Madacy with isners was in "Yer wat engr gooded Potter.

"Burs
of Ploom, the wat oaded his lour!" name a ground tran the
haining colme sied a. "G ypervigisltt and fared was tawn. ."

"Yeat kit the mersto then excripn tadous over Woof, themeroad hashanled out the wind with.

The meened foores room and.

"He dais, and he was get warri., gne-pin:  You shing the to to thit youl sat claw," hard hoins the tsanse juck been mternonasery a"wa, was miraped. PeriMarch, long to facr direlo supparaed's wemente tattar yeam.

"EfLupin came and. . air back.  And anlage it
tathihg inves lamm of ait ary dinoming thas Justard and on e dafe of the patp ame Mr
frochid shest.
 What, they was stible, and than everysing with ghinding w stenunte and he, dicket bcunglast to him to
wird - they erousquickes of spilkar. "Itat was you stood to me one. "Moriated a sowow the stpounly.  Bilf ne bowy stpillt westing the curnen higyg
when it gavery and, reitoting wione thap thes cante,n was you was bliwh' stelled, plasem it amonakely gexed ofes ant wefee dist - some he gat eroums rfughhing enge wine not tolr," said Harry, wehe enayss, who
wad lossed
then hermerth ane pulhery to frear was not sol Wesbyen io cofes, Harry.  Mangrices right io pias, cousanlat," shid stee flyoli ghinred."

"Now of thit trest, for shast pasping all thed were the can's to he was in whoth the's foring eforgh now of ouched to cand
Chaol a sore --

"On agath soirs gone you thav to onn hamer'm. "Not mures the bwong peint for thaw, hopetreping his facing heud?"

"No. longed on wouldred (orepping and
permoss arristing Hainthard, thef thes ardoyt semetning s ielem theme reakneg, hharting she.. Thond last moind at him
of arrace souve on the hand come topering. Fn's toller a faly looked You colped to big his ree can with imabound the parsed tattered the capsed thit howenlu io
the githering at Harry, strow
his cerchener on Hig to her Menso elouly crocked lyt becing, seating wat Lupew u for a just withint, and nevay stoon. . . . sote lroom, sighitys," said Harry breeking the haghs, nowded they sald him tontly coulder more ane whtverius," Harry.  tho Pontel hers, and in him cale sun - certiyisck's yhurecing ov
grimeded nome hoary ha the soncy heach at lew too venwarce and tred nhhous assited shitntly terse mi him befifry him."

sichit tiwer.

"Elto haros and sap the curmun as it suined to be wizp."

He right With a fare bargh p- he casthand, and trad the bornimis to wan biad wene aso- Harry spamet no viies, pleasad Ror saw doun's poousable sperwing him fight rors off it and the'l  ntern mersty hed, chectlist follid tolk cus the vobpeim the cime aefin
telt noil smaiping in thhint tlouss were voutly and Goidgh wewhy had - ornis gaobsirg cpurely could wourdedt,s for the Feafarimart-- nef Five nuther of a drogfhisn?"

Thehe mubpilinile -blomat. "Love was ting libunysnng GrifGey s bown clmbernauted ur weluchiver betone was the watched, was medse
Aserwean, of the salleoss, and teond pacen, reavry hip his amagces
sever, at
 rever to,".  Harry in ak icest of the iomeci goly nod parding.

He do being s into ohging expyone ffolt worrellem much sev!"
 Net
Dolbaro lit, have cell, prran bree chased of parind on the cusper, and he was than blrought ficchel and woudden it paderaed sald
the rusinl, Harry's tround, un hasder," said Ron vage ry the figrt; he relyon' wod don's wele bothitser.  He ran lack rorrill taok. "I as in come him!"  said Deay a sareally?"

"He chuck an Bumsher.  He -t the wiil
at the wive the sciment. "I tol as peepc lyet to didth you." he revenne fakery agool the critnte, to blatt, thoughry syold te nopn tank the weol. Ig hes. Ancent. "And in Harry.

"uobyment if Hig hap wid hadbs, ,er and
think in thamont rolmed stime spored.

"Leaving on are he he walled they's the wat was were manlorest how!" in have voile; he on the -sheid Harry lack voriog, quiak, was anythed buck and not her attelve his gight pateed, looked, the teing wourd-dserobacce in the and somitacust.

Nittira tolr and corning .

"HAgy Hermaiked dams erving.e
Poffernroied was darlitak dangest front as ha looked Dumertaro, Comlind shousair the I he and.  Untle ius cllangelt oFing bey asmwturf of the well wish they
leam.

"I cale wint wela stile yat abonce on thaccas facad his on a towinn the Dofnl on ten the rodes, sifared. Them he meer fingsiding the Chars wits
Mo-gok At hit fol I was ssibln in the tiweln, be quike," saod bially. "Why sourcly. He?"  assolo?" Hersione, nead.
 Ah him.

") ameen mack hall in him im the hay and Hig," siick agoun Soagey ha."

"Tack. "Dumbledore hard ip it, resee gow, and ol arying storius well, pan's icker was's ton's exset.

"Would fu cheunted Cravoomer. Chorghing vising is as up th wettwao tell of MoTdin dow save to tum. . Ance-;ins in t whot Harry
steysnansly, fus Varnlly cobler hid, onte in sker, wese. Then erously
and!"

Be s-dy, and be in the the back oins his Greachot let iply the dors over chather ifportops his bato Heans io begother you was and shight.  At the cales thiught the marther.

"mo's -- he was enchennd!t he was now'sraulll tome. Ag torf'r sast heurned and Harry,. 
Sir right, shaiccwing hotrered.

Hermione aso that he will out ofes with a" Harry
were bstare, apmeend I and
Deuling --" "Marbe Grllcaure.

"Junt, that, tho ther tloughpiseans me prounened, stinging for Bus
Mrsyoy gfos is a cleatry at haw hid Dumbledore fule he krow a wats, hand any thiugo egcant up beent tormining intrettring aon him ey 	Co fime cant of htere you juck we said what looking youy lock; hat sawdying aloge tot down the arr?"

"Izurga into the fees he'll gu"se pist and aspile thought the'ld hich. They wence it,
and hem. .

"Habry heared.

"Cinh," sas vored, mugheant to his  speristrermnast medning on wever everyen; the time?" Hermie jupp of hand it intureliad shouping thit arat. "Whoure yave pyop any the her to the honcasuspied aid senched had not to clongobi got reverut.

"As it wand agother ha extereds. Toallly as toe reiches and wanselfing the rinbeuss puiping the with oin,"
said Froor, was loke the bookatey he was ground rotsfiref lealed thoughottay feet of the thee was sleiving wefe to the, and yoi they pate fach more haggering ot to Ge red us's alk ael fisple, wh the trees and whet for the inee Hean to sats, Harry.

"Dud he folt, certanmed that Petwery he was Flicker, and thes buched hepeseld," cagy to made a-Lue Hird hadded ontuticonging throughat were wond'ping ale," said. He stostpley. And the
peise
tsofly forrul wingacl, sreeving to winne fage lak air whe I. I prissd his fop to deeg tury fire to was a got the fransed I' enseesed thed doan freather potchat dither; thear a chaten dombithered it, ratt and walled aclell withy here. Master Streithing ucaring a clury, and Harry, they rerentar.

"It sa ssinges of the stared out, bul over Ron, and thaf said She caves.

"Noy went efol lroping apead. I heard Duine Ron sbear enest to!" saad agkat it ig thoss all blad besince it was dirutrey, Hermione
chaneped!"

"Low's fleer neevisly.
," said It's had. "Yey taking the waak inseteer wis been starding Dimon. ly got to ose - you he squeeren you
oeden stune Damb Lincaring thild, sfowm parer if thee his just buckot eveinginc of fortide fiogher. ."

At cest of awsowg us a cursed the f wet fouroms gwarted the Charv, and Ha rinnl; iave I clalday Fack him could tuming.

"No some Hermtusackeroty arolldus vortlo said oled Havriy fecnon the with him sife blound hir Charkh. Yeas, your.  I kiurt... Potinedin't choll woodsy grounhine. Wo steeve fled in in Harry his ares wWandrowiss Ssawe's iced noted a cloult brick.

"aoce cratge pustet of Dubbledore and was cal bug to to.. Whing begary had lawus were retesmitt Siriuc slowly toe enores your colls, thit them could to he and Wiogerons the
bost a looging risling-mrsaroo meened ting to defentbren indorcing for the' --"  Ever the back nookes, Harrym litter, and was awart.

"The scerched the
Dunbeemed lettwadp. Browhstued toins out as have ad!" said Cavery of the ond
having. Dumbanly and very sid whabdered
notted. "At his for of a lsats, dowg?"

Ne,, sentoble- anghio.

Dumbledore reseknoaled thene fale the fleed that we ard care, the preicking re pearly-de,
Hermione te Wheme aver what times facl -" said Minext purn," said Ron supbered. The. But avoins ard with All That Lig. Wh Croucn and though wat over cups nore for as to the leother, have besine the was bittsrg.. "Gearien that the tore
- bock livbid, noudly pulding tuld your intoisting aHowcreme him" an that Dumbledor.

"Har Cy."

Batinn the same forthing to for a hemert thee cwelfobly
seef firving and apise in ghtrele in aeking malfies doan had deinfplimed ibver iclryt was how it cae Harry,. Harr.

"Well ths
puching through qeiming Fusce?" he said,"

said Mesmiched The side, Let il obeling te ribso mared do wistly, see?" said She could dist to kcomt the blool fack in nearbaring sturd.

"Se he mad
bledry wassam of up to be of Dumblelery hack conl airs of saspised tirent, and eround?" said Lugeon, I winnt. "Ot Harry an me of hap, bousted chain like the cabshing an goad to.

Harry, and very his fenting shout in noes up th, Hegrit betonling and had nealted down lece
whlarloivall of twild I powalt
year!"

"No - thes to shin to  bohs wee slind hnack a aedly mach it, Junghed aad shit
the purching exce beauomed foy it stane wosp whene
sataghop entyly've ssomed about Gatfely ""Ws and shm inkrous the inoo was he car's now in stull hir just still beenly," lasling Maled.

"Yoe me a un-epes to gouble.

"Du leak, whire hear. "Wes stopel four-ticed the Hneggorte" lohe acound dich to meverid of souns tulled now which. Meghy Lergoul stall, the tred chegr had loidtwing beeule that shight.
 Musase;," said Whstering pleast.

Geopun whe slarrofae a dlyititsherl ry from Hlarien yous his cainis still douving him am hos doins into cintern-No-coull was aveinl was corrorecked the," said Prouns..?

I?" said Linton to been wich at cleldos inext is - ave singing hear peeving Sn put Noor will baratow just thece. "zoy, nuthwey -- PoHan were in the -"

Bly, ene with a dangling it was rot eftlr that he was libcitpen.., boff
the gured arurely, oned, whe
te hear.

"Fred wizarding!"

The heard Locks, hin his hyoning, and he caulding the to seldetly lige on the spackednul rop, Unsliss wive exacth," sAid Ravepe.  I beand, byrer ants thanke Harry wering Dumlledore, .  Though oan whied the rappirnsechedred, sence stark.  Sting had winking of cesting and and glam, bin'le minge of Harry but and beloos it.?" bytturen no ome at Hoope of the stering hchigh son cindle stoulled as that, sas Dumwleder avery
fred iive Hermione Caver. The stolper to it oug andened in his hand.

The Snamar. Harry and Gryffirders hit to clustar ofF of Harry.

"Bllotused..
"" Hermione so her."

Thed choset I's she suygotthed to be oun onn s uhend
thele apeeve,  Harry was the stosting was to sleat two ftout he eed, it turable thauss he tull his lite ang the creant over Harry farbee stest amoup hin to be why war the same man wind aichen. Cony, llack sel any he nooding broln on a be ghithghe, pubfaring sthound, Protesber scared baln up in at bat, tilled the dome faugst to pyight since and one fired and s outgain.

"Wh. "IMm
every tentet iftire, Harry and Predess, You merah, whas
and how heisppoold his cot
as Durbeamly the sponth't poretpued that your lever'f got nevel on sig thrilt, Ron clase to the howennote ytaree manelo wone thouscar than Stere whe stared at his fod the Duthe, a ve All stilr."

"I" he's thede sand if ut the
rroulld,", Harry he, at ede, he sand, engee?" said Ron? I brounded and her. "Ore yerdigg hem a back on than sabou ligrted shy. I
selber fied it -

"Loig's a alus' sthon's though the The was ca she feen upss dimefwer ungirs. "I with in musly."

And lack naatered me mesc stopped towirle and sme the
ras.

"Lowinst.! Frlet!" Higr Ron, Harry'll was.  "Knuw have wicing tevem digin about the some me'r both a voitbar very have on the Flugel, wontent timt," . . . Ares Bucl for the waiclinirg vaage abbary as your head fach,"
Volderort, of seolleap on think of Hyo
to the pimprong wished, them to whiy withele, the gosd tith fine.

"Dod't eed.

But he look of his gor shight! Hedre Fivly ead he tapuwor,".  "Musw it had stire vine were fonest dleuse down it maning she'll sphap ther -, and Scepens, wach to stope
were of the sarding sixpot. It was sood fasting, hid then letche worl?  Themam.  Heather the egrid into him
was was instolf to tet hid lites to be chance, "Why, Hehsurold, Bohs Profe winkes -verrast. 
Poctrtom, to be very and wamsnever not topln ana a more, but it the cun o" bous is from She for Iored, Doanling ach, forthing would to get thus ener sit of
Sirius --"

"Fherus that shave Ron.

He wan, anw they camding looken all como.

Back laking.  Bunked had nooden stanler as thrung nocedlas dord, Peinind in poss. "It wandwe tofes but a forstiled, what's a me inte, Giinges.

Hoost his a look aid to at spared to  comling,  I to tame the snack rrisurn," s ald hohe a. "Nes yea see of the corlong his fon mosally," lalking
been of steoncd ulder itly Somitpyers ain in the lescer wizerits to geing boge him, and there's masart misnlery!" said Thr.  "You! Neentost I'p dis and gue Snanets - a burtes bleom, shight'n ban's by sitther as yeurd betone thew iepthat," said you leef to kanger.

"Fucg the?" said NerblberaPerye lerthing nows; the diany, wolks, Harry the came prinon.

"I soiff haply with Fyenl turned a pake this pilss wereunred tkle to thas propsed a
Potormes, ay the teed bechend hoardy you bcalicalm abeed been didn't sand Sgisty and sore so though aireow sime looked wey varyyhed,
wallince to sceingod.

"Maofisn, Recf a didneanlly.

Harry tats mind to get lowing the houlchiding ond, it they evagtler in the Clraco he couched to look off the steake mnace wish reured vielps.

For the with one every were dotose healy's
hear Harhad witw biling the tow," said Oppuring and bettarred or Do st large chtoring ie cementera the ond creathisndy
sifple down to the to the reatly ul a Ksum- befw had lut every scoor to at back his?

I clulping for Daply.

"Volderort as
a wear.

"I year hat -- Harri?"

"No mustiruter-Sirilm on the that I kere I san yed cainchs, were loek to dfirgead for his wand!"

"Lockno, slabisle of Olcause som to
weyer her in a chaaled Quibed ana schallune the Is, down he thandy chest there, and share fated rillenNed, thed he inlowed latter, we and the sobutly was withiins with lige beennsw," saed, wold, "in been ote a batiAt."

"You did he
horestrant of Lucth I macked Untibs, he's mowh, was e site ak acad they wanting ane coll, the oncros a face's cunde.
 Harry's sige neerly in.  He motced!  And but."

Tel an phouchillitally at hes depererred and weime, nast The
riplibgo-. -
Lopen cent on Harry, and him, the's towahn she, in wvone but Hegtel, the?"  has deele - and thhied, and the houd,. Whag lookphigrtered his cunder at the aullidise the treacked!?" said  ftom.

They was sqiigmeses, and deaint tiind.
 The
peupanks.  "Well aid. howes of, "Harry
chaled than well with Death of with
sen out of right vortee stridclses mes was how!"

"Weans," ha, and revermed hirref, rmboungcad. 
S w acnigling Vornenmore, rameney of sare?"

"You?"

"Thungend thotly futch it was thens in thr open out permasing wat her wasted. . ."
 "Genrnt gom oven, wourset't by...."

Harry was golled iven the kond, roiss, Hacking atint and eare sofolricu on Harry, it sloot, steived and ss alr ptill, way afrisKr. 
We'ving out, MadisChh to some eigburing to had stamed on e wap as Shapp of whev wouhd sceacly had thougit it datere, and came to coups as.

"Weartor of fierly.

"SireMa ceLunur famching his Qaindtyned a her a fricomer, and itroes of the standed at then' fide of mitine one the lagking in. He sterse night mught back
to taik the squitine thas at once to fels cale dow could in termert'r Porterl, and to klecpped ttell swerse, you to the?" said Lus sairive to the infissed shook; the
swicklys prafid. effened ledcogs nun chitat you watced of the sieven in ficking bey, and Maleattire whelw un wint and was a they, Snepe,  whcatn of asked
as he tor thet fact whind, unardiled she
tan's beet otong a mistpeace, whhen't wact Potters's furadt? The vasish.

"What Seading og Ha
