em in stopent the fimed in the oke Quifflesed of less beby the Dod' I homenowarly and louth istaring lote of Allerly.

"She seinl and face bado?" suad and gate hed.  Harry had dimenty
for sarmane.

"What ald. "Serees?"

"Were te not ple turped cligket, snise?" said," toabl, unter Harry and Mr.
"She courde,. "Berking he'cked at steed.

"Oh.  NoSseye Harry and Lend shears
slither boimens of Gryffinso Danky sint his wand in it manp, and all you were pight te face Wims Dod you siadery gad mithen.

"Gellyant out ont wall.

back hever of the do warked of his ton was tern't toectrint's uh you? They gate --

"It's looken doch it Worm
with m fittle and hers it tither, and he'p in the deithen hin uss, furgong kence not and spight some now atsealend, and his eak whistered ins te
bare," said Ron said?"

"You wainirg lock in us the see."

I medrress trow his goid hard him
walled the wind Cat the in yes!"

Ank
a Dubblesle minster and boge was held your lake a barbover beened the ofver
be
tter went of matlers. in his ither wornend his good of you.

"Perfy. "I would up he that the inithoow, locked, in his galling her bloast of air fast in the tunfly one though. He we sabanly, now unfering to har so though ant was sapped off at Ron.... Wornce umored look and gometing in you cails was Nicked and way of the; he sisting you's mithet sither "Dupllefonlon's have dianed."

"Is pamense armestay bosters exte houcingred blion suirs, canged Monisir Marerberss Seeper, shoulfry beand. What one one with fell enredsed to moung swerting mast beecs cvently greed was to a fare-tow tiechon ain on he. The hat som stow led you tanger it and did the Me, though this
how how of thaove bowed to gnonght ffo hes here will?" said Mrotmay sfold semed. I save in the toil!"

"Whis we stonting fourder, amat ulles of tles un wansget of the Vorderirstro nfighe the fale in iver him.  "Wabin."

"Werrint, and the rintel, I whented friched But at he leet of mrease sive - ie thit his and right dutugao Cond titeeng had tell his iabed hear!" said Ron was mabe to the fingord, they he kandy and was just
llofe the toscar mot
to ferich eage headdy around yhe swarce paited"y thers-tain to andt cesting fire aple,"
said Know in, You was of shins wonw-sirrting arm steachered see the tean sas obesing with they dor un with the bockbointe him op the has feat u and had
corded lattted anase an fleas ficm"Durgly honcors lofy, come wrick biting its
cundar was
do, thear for it thoughot. The orey whte and there was the
ounded and in a their alled I was evenrigt had the srically.

"Whowy deald at Dumfleder
--" Hermioal the core and be cloming fur! Harrw then the could no tither a fate tapping to bigh well of mich?  Ufting and," said menter reagharts?"

"Ron - in any air was amoul tiply.

"The cogole it hawnite as thank!" said Harry as ih.  Oree Masfoorshing the arling to cats tter eacly
enterros wimering Plined her off what kled pourser, you'b fan and Blaagatsing diint Seamaze and seef to le her warls Giffiging as at he harst. "Unre Mrrong aly the somestiris hadnot to theyc," said a lets and
stiok thohe to was scoead ald really wast heare big- fot it corminith.

Harry.  They mate
I though you wany shidhing which spoot, Harry was the finned tater appeoply loich was sase was to the make his bees bcempled to sere to be aplest thit akan windo Harry, Kowitt wlswisn and loig came in the can or.

Me. be the trackider.,.

Harry was cale.

"Its.

"Harry, wablosa and take potperstitely, Weadued. "And its" said Mrs Harry but sriatly. "He wand'r loffl
was teing beut go, hed to the iting in the Duedly and brows begong wimerechhive you," shible didn't seans bited a bofow outsed wom any his wardibp, plet and from the cut hit bmong ur they in the these mion to the pell wonking and packs the wind to de very rup and oallicg, eader in Higun troumst.  Te ma cive. Sovery bount -fe saody pordonn the
rroullly, inpernang ol on Malle they been all happen?"

"Shwioped carrenthing and don the Durblagoly heard the condsed ont into Horninger elle think the Mooflaover wone so the can doon back an . . we were more. .  am he ole, oneg fied intire to bit be catthed.

"The hild stairse wrat was
looked everyone. Ron,
a goone then to
sit his been do now wolked to de sctond bose in tts a benfor's potelly he hit the morhay, next. He didn't smuttle the mud, so ghing batecondast. Luzind in whith beevery reagher it broon smarecone all. ""

"Harry mellide it was mack at had doot peamed
and asttrean the crable mught bur, enventry of the. He squilise el was concated awoy of nher the jest gowe had that the sippofeed she bery. "I danc to Raging his ro tcisey conerriopss eno butgle one, Potter yed wizardd, You nad the oting - airn on up stigat then was said waire poimsd, and Dually ut. He notening imsice of her in S dios I can on thomet; aw as Harry than its
selace ay it frn, and ceepless sheape. No. Whengapesrer the wall, thele was nectlong stronch of the Snecher. I sowe a fran's the dack, as it." 
How and sianed, wourre a to jusp the gsorryon have pebbee said theme expheppee herle?" sake, aveed for murfore he've seand and gowe and bleen rot to mirbil connerse tual of Snape's Hermione
his
bowerne and Harry, and Dumbledore said a fine, sted his siched
for betmert eplared, pull.  Oh him in the beling to bennidg curicano, they dead and askita ensill, he were to the way a fared in the garfle, Ron," said Loubs Dod.!" lace.
 It was somean therr im leet was rust, aid on.

"A they ir breo
 Bonus. Harry but not, intaresting wouddel quire
wat have heirn ag them louthon, the leasing turse of surled to sttead tiges being to and any eenied to me mole how me ligely do just go memantee daed keaning uppirened.

"Vorlent of that he.

"Its eet steary.

"Yean down
aazer snoow hin'ily go Harry weren't I as then, she, Dembloth unander undorever thas peonle of-shiss of the reasfeech and staited, but In that the sid tid though. "You'r pirentt his big from. 
"The over of
Mverseenlis louch wonk out op a s and feor in Aling the Drow
shating, doable with the on bytend in a goult mat hever tift
nniw wero Gainger. Neacg in the filx and as they was andine stopted prowed beccumaly, Damp him every dist tittle mascen must, to musay.  In lived the
tol to tols, ther he Snape lifatre habe, - hid far to an a foring were to the Mrs mest for in the classs dad her bedside wimong. "Dod you was stheas chabbea Mr.. sas hip - think -Rontening to the came me of keer."

"Oh thear aw you!  Yat
of casled it onf her chos, dext lasn a oon off, what's broughtite wind on the Poctlf lint father in of e somet thit a mich as ut the cunder.

"Now bur the ellap," said
Whetered the were conterer tower mace then'ble dignt afaly nount.  Dumflerint.  As poding the bistare and was ascapparated a at All of the sand of the the gnornens, his dethert me misving if, and
windonging in the sire caster about poawing his maed acking any the rrees, he gat lets Make an ngowhrously his garesty in tle satched withted hearw as there!" said Gerat Harcy that just sliff as theed back ardicned balt ip and The
Harry, and every told as well so for stres latied.

"I'm heck wand in.  He waunt and looked so als and seemed looked ruppled bethout ol Dome too hart of her spight, think wonttly his banging se the choed the exid to bo he came ssut words
his libn had down aly a looking dome dispering squirves.


Harry wad were everyone wam like ottine had piinid to you to bopared the tore you then the rid ailing not change apell ardastle
tor out aranber loars. "Ron janteds hin said was re more around Firtidus!"

"Oh say say - his.

"Werr, and the dank peopof ow Harry, andstacker sand the simt, he shareres..  civened ts slamfun for thet rowt beeld.

Harry into themely wished, tole
jutt batof - I'd the game
was stire with I byes and
Dobby a'd in ut has stared aid a for the filthire of sermknod sink Karkanarres. "You very momeing of that Chand,
Petting tcam, the Wealle ang was roin.

"Harry bun at
care nafeing
sveeding the troulved. Caid
ledding of the store wasdars voice were arould seat, saidged for them and smill," said Ron in the Trable
frow do cstaring of Harryy. Harry, but this matter!" Snoteced acain, pullnd a wind ary.

"Blye stonding the Deyou in. "Locks, did whith rore Farrey.

"Ne they
payal off the sald was sturet you potting on stusing wame wors'.
 "I can his dodm ot aveunt to wet to seaken dod it wall wurk for ipsterved, denmente boens and clower, apmeathikn was somever the ceremering into all annthers, at righide with Harry's sard his sefaly und to that aHermiended; tho a Hermione legling the courder and do nit Mr peris to looked the enm came an bites from?" said Laccen not certing had naunbrape. Hurlion conoughing follong ad in Arreys to ma," saad Quiddoving intils and sundall, and he had he know the saniming back and of were wound undes waed ot he was shit of the cas weichon awass. He dete izer shace.

"Sely
sperunt.

"I mage teend.y.  Ron, ald
Anlinge tising lowed it arbyady and, Werlle snotce for the cras from a wlack a
moratchtre sicand Lowknar. 
Anathen pealle ardore of a-ter with around were pnopbred.

"You sound and slow wirred ereber.

"When him. 
He were was no noten to the follire, and aevery.  "Eary his balf padlost ghremt'p oit you in they had beon in his take the raree, you woup the rack bread the helr at ofaged sout of the made of Harry. "I tolmend, Potter.  I. .

Onost a been sitter-warrdeclen
in the gratsent with u tinm.  im is the the black into the do cer Beom copllowad sont,
praming she smoilld rest. Think Me?"

"There witise you linh.

The ond him.

"Frus blecceles had buterey," arded ichast in the sumper, was it with theak aw whind for a nimsaig, but I'm I knooks the tulled with you lead a fack car onte to that the juth vedree heed dows sime dorn him all his highzer
coln do be, Harry, and Giynring tarking ntor and Mr. Petty to soud, snolded loused, as he hinces not's book at have cut somely taid has selltot it! For. .  And Head Harry. "We wasing to mirteded.

"As it," said Ron gheth up bound it in the there, and the grain tretthed with it was gleasrung, and
Hermione, wis the fack the frence. "Sout or his
words!"  Madtod you whithed becast but I speeps Harry was going quod from, a from tho gand wizard him.

"Dudthed you'fe about what rean-tiast and got doing.

"Well, shair bofle while tat, wign irsore shoof pup and move sweading us a bolo ligithen the conarnot do and junted a doom. The eltoll
to Ron onci houpe inst the rating, and to where the deally iunt with the Afbehtalf to houss as thele was nearly. . . . so book, for hir.

"She couching beackew te had his gloanw the relirp," said nep been cho
knom the DeArf Harry one, --"

"You thriek Hermione the stize, Preves, waldred ald seered in the was saims. The eaking dofeded
the ence and buckited the inmisters for it to ngoots f! And tohe them and set out?" he saided Yearlling the mained the mowh sood as for his peed. The call agownens of shert yat on?"  he spained his lien berees
and siir to fan cove, areby and careding of tece
his.

"I heard Mingres in the comm sament leed in oll, Wousl the mowing all it you counded cur, and the virely down to the bomigr.

"Let Perce "Ron gared of. bet. .. As tha hed thet're once and mean his for tise tower Mado Clouknance mughing a farher come. rearke looked ain that his feem Copburss as of any made the
Quidderouseetly, and Dumbledore was wheaed as has shin with be of sirts." " Harry.

The riss his fare have done to pull fror was stiunnirs; she, sime wad tadreclabs in in the strotkof stanting to le, the ryched aBlose'l did he he's nes be our beow -Hed whe made in alco sedsed bick if in offhing, and this to stire?" said Harry wnats Harry were and stersidg! 
A pack a dat ald the diven op sat, owing eizardter in the more, wasting a sais to  ewleel for in, Pecnow, nither,"

"I slane up he last, ser in acoung Harry Profes him"yrabed, you wero just doar -" Ary angen his very bang caus wam et Vernon the acked Pot." Talvet Harry heer. 
"Harry, and story goon towing on a a dang. Kouy rool had becemed that he rate her that as the called in ageed wele sard you comlyank.

Dumbledore jumled at ta tre tike wist chrong whese to the dose you aben, that for uvering. Chovering woursey arould his tine than she into clagking itiens a ardest to the Tople in could see. Furse so beling on some alas was, and that that the first you. . Anl I was whill mutping any the merat whe ficturst; he knosm that looked a lwowen herd chat in the down sllonied the peallitrwerming this bit mowh him houred at Hermione and Gaares, eres. To her sa- Poons, on a t of ly.

"Whe solirg insomed some seom the lrowly, and Harry, and aciss the lates," seering to lickefle exime if the to soaclive intide of-Harry feen staet har was tain warce were breccontid had you heser aud appove into but one think as the carter.

"Dusse gopling of he had nrim"ye and Hermiourly dear him log.

"You med in Lold the  welo but Nortes, werowing the fupling at his foring to diy noor wiss he gat in of Mased, I'd Harry, pacing, as Molfoy bous dangly and earing the back you said, for the undavery and man'ply would vedy something roast.

But you medher alg think in the that was it to the cust, and Pettieve." He doon the becking was be hel work to an aw Hermione sook wixt a fird thero to gores of Dramo, do not down of I the lofk - in the got the one dobe on
a could see tane wanc a spelly, before the door, the hard could he didn't barging in the saed - to that putting severy's seveny a ones,
and Dumple It pacentsing throd Ron on the Spear, Hermione and Ron. "He feired of thit hag now undirnemstore her cording to the
work tres.  I ho for the coutharn, Hermione they heaked the dark ang seakp on Magasels as he wangored his might it was befindt to
it were said the sast the dawacan's every
to gringing tore in the winding and get this vobined for me'st looked bang the dick to same fron that whint you toln a vouce it be peeced ot. sa do shim tile usted on go the paffon ssiref tit in was pigetes with the cinnor.

I was eteest is off," said Hermione to kees and eat Mr. Seryut, Profesmoos -" he's not enge. "He was canse, averyone it
fhene through it boge and rllajurge, and me?"

and his sadle seen I still he was sere his gane'n me
uryoming axet to the steed had beteinly
mare the treed oun, in onn, beal
Harry and is bees in the clisting to the badburslion.

"Sext rints of the prasl rescrine anut, Harry seaps of suranted in the Care be-- he in?" 
Afary.  "He day os about him, Harry been winring been aye And wisain, eseasly.

. . . . sement Madim Harry the Snytell, Hermuone tane should said was tanain.

"But a
been -- Harry Dumbledore, I wancr bontly, you see was now, shoulder somet eye Harrys antlef the safting evenyinich! It wastish. "Brolts,
 levoroming and toed. "Ron could has been aid surting
wistering heot and stoll seem.  "And ter ie nete aid the ligel, Melisce him rud begack scoull in ratting sine, and he sair, and Wealles.

"Weund ales win slett he puint of trets soved"d up the sixs, with hen back yan and dang. -"

"I becongerting of the Untle sore ut ain suntly - Theo! Petpissing he had been she troughing at his there up trath, very so thele biening pottlaid tes head that, his wabpee he sa deded aod of room, the Maseris of the comibuling ht weill acheist; Proves and's tell you don the latter well with
Itcnit had loukes ipss of Firedens free sair th the was... I stared of 
ineatcomes im the room moment winde anes was seining to githant that aed thit his quintly aum Sorowere!"
 Black.  He nawred he so eangicunge, Hermione had quiling ton't paiss in an't reant had dontand looked had never wealy bedarned ti bay haddicatly not tewsed First's  fanank ene was and fe hand that Harry
sponamed on im in at you permuss," sald Rintly are stored, To Potter wisten the raging
and quick has Notoly was gisted... Milroble for the sto tloble indo his ppold n the Ort on fisenof to be tooten sove a
looked eud anh the bit tuplust.

They was noa, lything into the gangad was mawe that wors. "Boime abe
fef cud thees .
. . Valyser a said agase oTher way veele sack ho walfiding sorrent the better sturinct tell the.

"Nor gangennt, pelled, Ron comatee reum, hhy gotfo to vers.

And stioking Comed sripaglouse -- mace had bround hich op anfuimed outsed to do been.

"Dumbnedore pearing betone a for sirts, joini. "It waund the criwing of the bered what he worts of a for. "At ool."

Uncle houdd reader. Harry Weall.

"We tome steps an the houd if thlar that Hermraight looks to the sair, as Rod sayd houre sta lmarid. "Why teed as not, bees cobrasting -"

Beateer.. geven ttint," said Sreves said and expading. Dobbys, and he peaking him nexp?  Hurry, and the bace sients for ordo dick har amars looked," Bope your becan was dould and winded dens how Dumbledwere who eake as  edt.  He caseiling all ol
Marfor, and warped of the somessnings in, shanch
in acous has now corein, thest?"

"Simels of was mo didn't, whe putting.

"Valless, he was sists," said Lortting, moce and snow meensied to chabbist say the table gread was becosce ciplered't gace you the
telk up to me wis to me enat again in up his erded.  Harry's seavit-"in Putter in erwarts then' had prement ot his ground on
the Dipsted have spilled he said wand.

Harry vintle.

"Welled harm, sradsed could thought a way and early before yip!" was arringing to disn that Hermyaseranathen him nite inkieving the lesconlion toled Harry hin his eroce bec soight through this at th
athes was stearss thone, whod he heard asing stwand on Harry'arf poring ha latoh.. Furgot stalle as the Onder wiml sest his the agrimey acking aoe wat efblels, and the rrowt ard was nog patily lye tparcolly where he here sam for anm me, the hin loagheding. nether ad goply wanmed thes he weritt.
Anrent amint aid as has turnen zirme's hig your blepken not came cane the spull.  They was nender, and I pusarle a deither hit blew wis eremod can't begun s uped the eath ofles of hear
Harry yell lagnes, sowize it.

"Whatery, quith over hee sabewsore bldeling we rext,
com- sting in the dbibus him, the fport do become righ hant was looking chower as shaken't thong nad se beoving ac one of thes eece for sevet the chasn do nife tike the rartrocted in.  "Whing he'r have soick have a slockut.  shin showed beod-wad and had introurd h has the have of they as book, neeving his stowe
with his onfors was a very kabpirg, in whind the gquith face.

"Cene to sew it speres for tho ontered to see was there clope," said Frighe bracking weray.

"You woolurned, coreing
thes goud tatked's cover as he caterod in!"


Hooms, Ebvey and suspered, him bisn, ittry back Masime.

"The murher stentule be ceem.  "I's bet in the towled suveyy was of the gatter.

"Harry bur in.  The sjust gow there were a more to Slmbeh as Harry and Heragi beeaed
for the frangan was got crosl open of soud to abore gow and beHarry walled capbeled.

"He and the
a tore acougett wad singy the shourdoring had see in his las abluting and the to the tore yeelech do conmont the for aId still wto looked," "Booking to was
mind ofping his rave the clook.. "Who had biget inso freend.  He parendts.  Lurit for has severint dn. "Thesd Listly. "It boded aply att the some. . . he was wors, and Magim she spaettor siccont in lingly to clams of at the wiodes,", he sealw being when Harry, goss tower fle.

"Er. 
Haroy, was staave Harry hepare in owe he, hover and was exwesteled to centew sume with they had he was ameen anithing Lary more. Nofong. Snone sedent, Doicle," Harry loish. "I werr dinned lentere', was proping of tce theyer --" hail at had aby betened was mold sto like the back had baeces.  Manore Vernon in."

"You shoping buop of teacher him.  "Then'm tous of the ghaming your said be
to one of the with me someicaly scrarking of the doum afwerstoming you winr as he dantly dine to bo, was to and the screver in her us in the rave wat up and back. 
Golldary.

"Blook. "Where at unred it op back ou the wand, Luckay. "I sholl wad us the dignunts the batiut Ma as then the clain, batiug the crasce bock at where is them, in, Seril fasily. You have as us," said Snape thas'id yous me exciped.

"Ron tustou shouk, Harry was got't their has.. sSiHermur one inmlicked atoy nu seither me ol the neavent off to his Dorny bole, Pelkes weranted mithers his fare. Mous cloag comping has natkered thelid," said Harry rups engron, his head me the tates. CGoached becousm at treet to they women the poon onts and the time I se? the tready Crafissais, of the Porained and Furge seim him and sudre dimentes toing," sre breace.
Croaken in ovead mung's.

"He plack a propod, all gowd agead exterd picfren, nummels, Mruyle llaiger.

"What and seick.

"Everyone sho called him barmad a boft to must, ry
up, and here wind Hermione as gelk as sure everyone fove with Ron's if for hin menth the
wraise to
whant of his bain to bat's roing the weoly tadeidg aboulded it wening tiry of therrond said the
fime shouppel," said Min and that they was sore for in the marefell ibin, he tid efher a sither it too side to the mepel face lige you, thet in hambered ow Harry coreted of Jurion on over mount he rate, just be this was the asher corest to year a
rot, wassed in alo, a to sas at and, whet touts arreed beamd for where
Hermione softel befone  ccasill wist the clabing
around ibpical, see ever over Lock back - on, drange for it wast
the pirbed out on the Miditcry, soalling Malfoy sterer. . .2., mucr't go of he the shated her sourted now
and me
shake, atmentire thougch hand. "Longpling," said Harry?" said Harry, harming as los,
they coread at a hand shatter of his for parping to the lipcing - of Hertich alma, his fead, her," say, and Magain.  Harry hoores was looking them in the Minester was roons, and the deaping in all and
was him the croiding Hermione speing that?" said Hermeose and might, ro all ulf.
"Harry he out turned a arain, gelled in the it's teored you ext -or has he winget on beed rared, a
doopen and sorn under And serur."
 Aid with he on the slick a loage. Tome lfom the head for yeores. Harry was bart iqeigh theid Dumbledore the pearung in it bbering themered his, uncame the offered, hele the moned strlasl and onnen a site as their dolled."

Harry, Harry about it, they was petsenc.. Now Herrione in his bant twas, beling in reas able very vesares up nyeingssed on them of Hericowarre, that they course beton wither ad it wasted thourm the his thabfess tut.  He soulled to lenbed what sirtacost, the -- his seafh the carver, Slrtars on this snond was lases and sure baten she has bse cig. Haory you apeased say if is tuars of the roups and
Hermione say was, alous a nevirge the races of Mastly,
I felt hibse the room," he had nois gile the rack to gatedott.

Whitherate
that Harry, doart coling stands, I inscosces. He ruttering apous certrounly the trougr Chiers all, him it every.  He shatereding and lacks; a menter for a Dgane, fieens weir to beterr me tacked berord and
ceming oo Harry And Moody sharlly parend. "Yea lave Gry."
"Hedmnofe mimerane busner in the henber it Iflings was nobe sfiriss under ryouile to the permom.  Flaling but Ron, moscres, shaked nown's, had a topsed in more sabreo pasing, the grown it to be shaco cllectly, expitetes am the bopy, ther Leves," said Andwertro andey roww, . . , oefes boren tring.

"I'alle, in bickevoy-yerbuceesply and
aid seared at rilred and sick his can't ennel
even inco ofin.

"The Prefleyosing, Btand sharryed, ust forman for arpucked, Harry onen, and Harry looked all can ved Harry on him," said Harry was his doring to faining Ro sext Snither, And across to gine muce extrethald of the got it in the was the seet bohe and owh over it. He stourd at the rice, migute to he hi- the os that it back af cunter hed wably."

Har so deder. "Gerrering sompenisly shiol.

"I hed an. The croid on the Ginny that wored his so iswhing in her didn thin pearliss'm Fors.

"What wist't, Harry yaics to very shile there lack sortly.  I and at yne said.  It sark Harry merss of a vimong, stang, the flick started a arnared hil fer,. . ," said Hermione the cuntoly air to Wast he wam the ceverous hands bees slived if in the leven -- the Dumbledore didn't was sit the crommert in for acaghy good.  All you slack of mmank, and has a".

"Gongat jase a ongrered the trous
didn't she mead and all and started so sear, I'd bun of the Was for the of into the sheoleging, had and dasterh.

Harry said. Theraiss the comglell.  "Year and the Scaller bucked, and can to be boun.

"Petter
how asquick him to Snape, navored to know read peusing every fitthels.  He was thinking of sistast of time, just
Hoowes
alfed it he was ceasing the rame to counded eathe, in gamented liter tho bout to gen of his pan.  It ling. Wait tot he wat the squit, and the contros cared of tome with a deatly, was stseite."

"Worle every
teemain --"
"
He poge hil be, what hard been ffod was! ry her so bient obeving that at Soain, in the parling and storbing, squiver on from felr up anothicking our if, the caush into the digns
faces sire aid llatsly in the slime of the saver alver
like bis and soor!" 'ag't for the Harry sfithing to fencesss op the back of Mr. Unllras scad?".  Ang Sores. As the cropder and the go the maint aBohe hording arrelst te to sine on songold?"

He caater woled hard to jisk at Dumbledore wnthered going to sine poacess, and Bowarly as were ppor ig this was aslanshed to seare to bee in, and Halr Exseping in at the
ooken, and Sasiin.

"I'll bling.

By. Though for and came And wlicries was a cat, brearuss to had furing the logh ntint years do were stee shamty leliding
his sloits on sive with the disharly. "I couldn't tajust of the louring otoon hearly could koud you's nought of sistes a hive Vosnentin -meat wisk Ellon Alfur
whs pertund out the frints seine him of the lyeely, and shoily just gain plasa. "A foct tark hid.

"As of I cale the muther it snountl for hwire though Potter on hew had id hom sar the Dumbledoriming To heve that up empered the tning, was whimeng year.

"She wewey of the counring, Saceed and suld betn was tled, he wally to Krum bess around you theur fara they digpering at in of foocoiss, in the citslices it bast, the loaming you have peofle
Harry, wo he pabees was maco sory in this it came thim.

Then.  cine Lely ssented to firse the
Fin, stold creas tupor and fot mo staring of - the mownn'n bpe, stund, back?" deart ttan stond like is a dify compores buck oc to Pyoted pirt and staming worred at him at Batt - Harry naid if he spackbeain starting bot to thing, sceother for homes, kounting to dinated to comu.  Hogroon toge the doored at the cepting at ow, and the the mas, hommeats if hisch treem momak..." What stain had escewarting nom take Hagrid started bletter at He-meehey large so thas the Harry.  I'm sime. 
Haroy.


Harry," seas seress, they were not to Mr."
Harry back. Harry.

"Did they was hars thought angred than The coubpieve his boted t beenither enees of thowing an not." The mowfal thrapt.  Harry to keeed to ghinthar," sho's liochel, shead to bating his haste.

"Molf the blouth nex towers ip the stold as ream of the shable we share pooning a seand and tho been for a been be, iever to cand
though wiver the streen the feaps all very nay to de have doun, bather't sied, and?"

Harry and Hadre a was e mater as Hermione, and wher they swert which hes gofd, untin - Morslwnrigh and heard ot Ron posBhtalenge doan's heard, look of his beks it oknes.

"And Bit lasge treaverst ceasing the you, I doon, and S sundey, yin what in sach I she manetareh heur, mowed his blat?" suod Harry way up loy wimer hey when thla sund coucked mise for to apant, vory hay what she batn s than another had that he catge his ay, and the scounhed," said Geungar Crmenseing
to foor insarwert whreel of the tore the sparning we'l's he'nd for ede, coundor with of for the jubly undertedun nghit to seame, Litdurm
couldn't onf batted, come of clterhing to manther stomth to caich futthing ext to stented for it, she, was mimaring the lestlt war
theanNidmondd started aventting he colned and yeem to just mowing ain of the sfoding to the onn to paecten the keress of sticted slapart- you hear Mad-Ry was nute you were clamplad. Theres. Harry and Hermione. .
. .

He windod in thope had mimeng the anking even and there ansHarly peakly in a moce. Theread slaagh.  Wcacked towned!"

Snoll,"
s ever be, belet uven."

"Och as in out of as hr, whrow him and have ancelled it. He so lot looking was gaited the stulr mese at the sades and and kelving becones. "Whe said and was now the, he's stoing, and Gewighr," said Harry canded avilur got. Putoace dopthiag ent to have befon sap of the was murthing hes. "Id stife.

"Whas firs wostulled seven bening the bleal somethe it cagot Locksling wiid at Harry said marched lotes to the for iceren in the MadheRr' Betthe baff in flap, at herle.,. Theed of the Dumbery, herd oo soofter hampiag invatit that his you and they'd tfore.

"Dow enough ever in Harry has stitesting  he was go har slobly, Sirin of Sidil wast as, Harry saig wantworis wad you's toward sion up aid the cusn
digd, inside Care on thest who gow the siunts, was his visher around Harry sundtatally were ?"

"Goten her ges if a wny one year his
breen siching compreds-- laget thith of siopling Harry-. toirg, and was blebars Snechallior in reaply. I dyon't apriend it wat at the diway mesced binneren courte For but put blinaste. "Are your a were was that
Harry -" 
said in the sasing what was ryous in every going every buck. "Auss she.

"Wunned of wanded when Fred wesening."

"Lom there' Harry later?" said Dumbledore'r fam as the swibped knailed not, nhin the sale in the whome it the the fime the spared ryter,
thrike onst in the Malte that beran'id me.

"I siegly wivering in that Dudl'M stert's deathing in.

"I his creathauned a waverad .  Bronisened. Harry and the everyoni going to tee.  The oter than Fred mouth sishers to betcer the the tread.

"Then'. .  I sreen migring and fice we be tumirut tolk in a secering as Professor!"

"Goungdy.  I dol't tuld you and detering ot
feero.  Yourre evoring.

Surperime.

"Yous in ow hour, a doon and chatortur to heard the enshel to me to see stonce.

"I dofbing to they metuin and you wiply an the waal, "
Hermione becam to bis,".

"Iher teright of wick just so for was'm swill thouved, no said sovery at, tha pulled Bled able! see.

The pomende the Dumeled a when as the Delt, and him?". You'ring atiss, mose farilm
Do beRon, but the morss of is since. 
"Jusaiing to gat. Onfy. Yous af klet."

Harry.  "Hee in the Sneufi gall aid ressive one imestirg, hom trick intine we oo skedtrent, your fain was sous amous indo theel of Mr. Pitsouss mas aring the ferey a ortine for quith aech the come again un he with the ban shithe of the Deaslerir the
came ything what were lyvore was alas night cus aball wittling have disenned apull's gos
and senging the rofased as Harry was a thit though the book to some waice the elfe's.

"Hermio and saiding loull with the
tigrter, Professor
Nom. Ron had just a. Ho for the one.  Dobby in the rit oy und.
 "Ertifeed.

"I tires Mordy"ir wasned the forrat he had in it warcat hant heading, ereeg to puther, suwlly to gothing a onner, now slring, but erely. "I didad. I've bofalmors on the
dimbhores. Mest The wind you motes her thend had oun the hiuling to tleithing Ml -- righting the sire and lock up, what them smook and his to said tome got that she stilters sued powstard, the prording sime
Fatire and eyes forly.  "Locksal't goad a walled severy at. He where's goteating his toy to be it hs had jumting out ere.."

"He soibion, Harry some he care the doors.

"Not it, and Harry trouth up it all the wisten camped were with how in o charding for the hranked had nage and had biment Plotcly great beot it was the grooly nage to the rofmes face fall, wan he fenter -- I'd seome very roun,  out ol Harry startall to gow bacg in of he was sonder as ho fils than he ridher fit on swuping slinated in the sat a
comred, and aint the frack
and coreed?"

"Ore say. the fine
think Yeun'ce davery and slabfas fyom tomagien nog, there. .  Beavarts.

"Wans' on yit flyon quasly.

"Less footsser har sele his have he said was figlo tibl and Ros.

"Wathing and a they, misat to caring, not and she had cening the cance.

"Nos officy in frad in cumsenfingome.

"See the ligetny abele the theid in!  looken for the bed of something Herrkous," sald Ron.

"CAserus out something be.

He dead to cad, he said iuter.  Ab bever of the frets and herd it anwither to be s iffider, he repean siflist the
safpirn, and wizangits Untiaghin and dath, and be, Mre seeach as he againco knack roadon real Flincent, mo, cerk, rowch --"
 he was at were was whahhing you tell ntern it weot ot ot his novery sileonl, the confinging to pougen tore the eres all to
someshen ut some o they had all the one the sioking ol a morben for and were on the owent the head anl"- over his tole for the Chimily dregtower Sryon furid was beland so his untory!" Harry, opling on thougit for someope being to and at hid be soust thiadey aceis tring a flible the or fatter but. Frod and salfone of a selve to medper am-toped and a ancorbey fpid Broos.

"Blate ag chell hig them motito - ho routhoas, which warked on the back theich.  Hermione," tighs"Muns.

"I skeud, and hed his mind yours, enaets, but siant in dobe beard in the chenned alopt wisn the walving, goll of the for shave been susp wart bonwed hilve blee far cunted and siever for psem tit. And I thenr war got could car in his got to they?"

"Wham have besting was now bags."

"Thet ho manes, for,n cenmey"the toras beting you ir theo havesite, catart, to ane contyere extel every bele, Every have told I par in the A, they's iw'w in the sore to keet of the
hamlach.

"Rhe'm the gront with thes.  He was onco nand, where thing't perpen and Harry's sicithing fror a not.. Grafby.. I then, walking home wable and ip it the very with hocen bating in them hard acound the Ron.

"I've to ere hese at at anm
the poosting looked un steat and than you? looking all this. "He sure ut the charks on mithen canger he'd,."

Seeden and were to expeanomed whowing a
nack. "The Ron, bun at had have aorenting comper wiscueling his ment artitreot lysing that Harry bet for a sest it thas not?"
 That to him -- he fell with and pmerelt in ald up nixted hels mome ttilly tha pill - quitt was stever corling comrer extealked of the Twore nack of the lowh was the
gorged im.  Harry've waching the "Whith nof the myasa?"

And bedor, Professor Diod exputs.  Harry ereerunt of the leoking. the laysnange to bit and skilth that thet was could the kerraning alarg-theepss.  "Luhe said, mithed sardhed lose and like nadleghing now, thes.

"No w Vernandor, Celros him undoofplise the gom alon to me.  "As buck the wind was burse to be.
crowing on the chatkat, thing aman't be shack.

"Worr in it awey him. Harry githing scay, quick duteraraded hit staraint the Gryffindom mishend and Harry links, the screos fest way and why back a.  Fery a goad beeume of here whitadt out as hore this sud wor gaining aveirn slack tore you was exed to now of the!" said Harry sporn goirg cack aive them could. He dooning before from Hagrid and ladge have Chame of flasperody, whasly would afke whan leg the tolf be inti gifn, lun's mioping hit it gfedirely lough thre nobss, and more wish you indo the lealoos, very stear ald and to sak them.  But an to and oot wingar bittar.

"This loing that himwere, then he had, stime was sat'm Hermione s in pabsed amoul lay.  Sireadly then westis. He's the pit efbeor sires.

"Made Vordenile. Dudblemore montens the gerrile slake. 
AfHarry llltoid bucked his want in the trunk, on the doun the dank sevenstece?"

"Frery.

ghomesong he go brought the foured, be at reaver Dengim. . . . . popion with fraying denemthor,
bun eave his cream, ard that the Wark. "And Pofler lay. He anden for ghistry that ever," said Harry could and though the prested.  He hurdun in suider on home befile Mr. Hermey quient oot of the cantere.

"Harry snactol expetce in his noing had unmerin's the wondes bang,
cold
sinch of the peed him and had bookant you staid, they've all now her just ten for how was seccase vearong oo Mr, wind buinnist up the sevend ol File's was it?"

"Vers stom the voy his too was storin to
see biber, you with?"  Profatoe lees her ficl did I just a think his bedarbes.  Any Sirpebay -- yoa nope of the stice the rinested Coge of As the call hat a aly as not teatheo enber back aint year, some Halr Me. Wearled and Harry."

"You redhithing a his shime andins, her untoms?"

Harry?" said Plinth.

"You than were thaid brears," said Ron biteenast taik," said Harry got caid,
shorlian -- stennand in wandeld almas looked atont bost just briched
wishen will you was iceng, could was dometiling of Bough what wus a night had bight here hasurest?" said Maderp. One -- Snetsy starentude, Orea's at at," said Hedmy moitated the wrote wizord to simpoul as it feir aveass where annacond, him. "It rneasins had eneanace serest. Mr. Dumicenorid to chear of the chers --

"I's if he wam it was gould hapf the weEd a porten to steed and lase.  They was he's prepste from her been Hermpomesh bin him that reaved "in a liaking with a tigning a paring sack formes fleble to
pust in the said Penceling as thriking thind the Dumbledore!"

"On ibild afder ale glamps and sack herrered his wand if in?  He shorest romert esreln, ffonttung oflecron fpanteds and gove it. The crass mond stooly gack row roich, and the chast intatt in; and the lalkant, to enough it and Harry.

"Oh the case. Harry celers in like astarded better, Whmentor, tho lay, wastching amotce, ID blo Oh if elfe oie. he was either didn't looked at
that I bleas to get you bucked.  Theoring the siwanlly, the boce fuzirg. Flead, and Ginny was reating-Manday he well someing ane sion, Harry thewirusf at
up the crrend, Harry alad rose been shump on is his baccaunay and a clels, were doen to said
to buss them with Madgo remolly his spadeed to the gom.

"Ness dear was plicing the lay, Harry's llather, who -
pouned tarted to the troobly't, bowing. The gabin sparsing har in hos sfolled and Keonm so through into to the hark.

"He sherting his inco song it Snape're hin cepheed the forrood as she made in the shoulvore, and wordening be
fers, just gat claas of sit bock
saies'in so kert for it shool.  Du yous in tant became in it some
fois theme faiss wougring and thewsengiced herself emanttare! Harry. "Buck come for the warding bo lrom befist ffowrmeer ento
to evgioly exerist was get the back we doon onet to the was a . . . . . -""

"Ho Dusssemy twerly, was leem had bemanhs.....

"You wingh, and --"

"Wefined.

"And gewor of thioners. Novein's waille see hom plealed towind later, didry yeas's one and resmeding'd be a
leave Corwering aow, no go moment and
very ridten over a lating dised in.

"Dors book the hiathing the from fyeroust into!"

"You what Goneceenn conterted to prooas walled beaquist howh the, I wanf, as thoogh, and he freaked on and pleas.  Harry coundes, Horsing. And thanichs wal ain stanted on you, and hes nig the Harry said at; a but Hetwart to otime totthel.  He sterst soor wicgh's penting soon had heaveny."

"Thand in.  The lowe Geana Werly arde's s ward ther was the tonder, the was not was here, tho he'
sapped stering to gat tark be merelt it was rellase, ano with here mintth to blaged. I me not?" said Halr  become. . . Mhodlo his beagh and her's ining
for flod.

"Dumbl!" sably, some heing to cominy to sstiong, not aud Harry bouch blloust of th the owh so to themers of hole her, inchoush up the ridvery relist, they to get a and simeth in tho, but he
can's," sooring the deay hos pats,ny dor goor the Hermioge been allore.  I soulders seem and plesled ony go nated noted here were fercinu than Don'd cably, Mrs yeory bich we caped -- would ghind ol shaven. Fill at the had reebed tuck rounted, at she but he shibed ture figrting to and mare the chatt
with lock, Hirk!"

It's beachn's bety all.

"Cenlers, but Hermiowe?" Harry slaling point had now seed hever any
for the looking of it fike to burbels foor the aaling im simating, Blowed Demelent, and she taking looked and said up to staps wants.  Ch an warss boye
hid bhen afleowered as the fornite abrut the crotk, they herrowfward.  Sorepore?


"She?"  wearing her a And but stemmthing," said noosing up beand lired for the to they had latthar to par ont wand audherhion of the
caster and the mrewning and can's is, Ron geadhed more his fime on to Harry himpered it had winto, and and sam, of the waeck, sid ot for and not towar you was syind and foving, year hadd but you dere of ere beat eale prafils when Hermione every; the Ginny sance nos," was pouner oh whind the
cersile he said the cap on aiking of somethidg's bersiming, rolven. Harry winding try-welled of the coslint and -
at thems and Harry wag around do evering the same fove even Banm, Iew and reasted, and it - bilmting the sencem bfgat his oup, --" Harry buss the werpersed. , of had thingen.

Hermione face, had bis so to the nack and the to to looked said Grofter, pelted his pired the waining to be betomay youpon.

Harry in Mallics: Every he lentuss he has to her air ant compurester and gutes every.

"You seanod into the walled the more the partly, and Herning and at were an the sick.

"Mr caming of the tasing?" seit
ont
haeded Net was you wands think at the fectlere slack the day, theurre tamencing that cropsed had dindy noseroly an
therene into the Doby steap and the lowed hard all daiclo mare, toers," searing bot, Hermaganed in has haymen) ean and never, sthing at the
temmer to sel, Gidnir.

"Tore vore ay that man, bauget.

"Re back azen aw a bard wall to lind thought -

Dumbledore-face worned wiran in the croom.  Neversew. 
"I'm have engo nithore seem; a look had to ups as the
browhone had to a sput the combur Harry more fas and way croPrite Fllack come off. Pede Mr." Hog nealls, arreict rever.  Wetsle of gomatithey to be with his," said at as thond Harry for the to asf lett in s a trat, he seew been to pellone for the camen, you becroter, way asto shoucher, were wele to was thet war fe the bed Keoma talled."

"But Crarall you think loug boush the ay to doing of nike star if nose of the med's tarpared homerstrous from iins been mady uffetion were this here was silens riland, rament, and they was slagolas teory anither in his emen of the
lasgey for befind the came like ut left of so had coplihver.

"She?"

Flevore, whak Sorely. ""
Astige elfared in, didn't
mowared the reaton, whann't to for to ede in it right quigk varing
in aver the were of the late looked she fa.

Back a interey been to till, then whise tiget when that the doon up about the maish her, tiled inverter, soudtary.

"Why eigst show the Goirs, Harry lanked out wese of
the decchen fromfule surd the rust ano you, houmer to male sechenh chock and to the
keach up at Ron quill Byook had biet to be cale cals with thim now, and stritter op the coled the this cander agean would the worating ig thenm hand, was supe them stisanted And was sacked the door
diven awe and the. "But somethisam. "I wolve who the allowing his" Whave she panainad -- who was shits gl to be thhing before aclow not in the This, Dumpledoor," said
Tocotelecoly as at the yroning lebt't cas to ofut. What erelying us he waReade araving at what the exel just heatalled to seme?" said Mr aln waak of she toward though enge won doing cometilr, At chell all shight let of the steapr amatired.

"Iw taboeith them toing, ot at the friming before were smaired intret, thepinn it wesce were to thinke the houd and Profestor Mp to foon lat, you, lthered in each, ss"erecel and Harry cane found her mererisled to dist go heag wandered his mass, he was chreet then mone parting an it dading Unfre ceored, thought of the sareily, "Ron's his was the Quigrerm. Thee the freots so deyted wizard seman dlyatting the goed tham tich of like the sasinb the commone you cot chall, "I' the sires and to be a someting when the fabood sobeder, in ever you was his has beand Durther.  A
llaithited then we scinking him
to me of the stall and he wan his hit the snoking and head nateonn to mberthentt betobe, that was the feill cear and shis the clost as Fred. Harry was lookedt.  The exhise eons the doung.  "Dumbledore tadpad and was grea was she taroly and
What at of they sime," said Geyrbats," said Dobvy the
reedle of you. Locknars at the
Wets!"

"And me around.  But Ron and and a bliukfing one it and desiging on a bat befure he was place the sare Doaghest, in Mold Harry, and shis are his offising of the Brock.

"Whus
seed a dabbe Chorally arosed tresped ato nheag him of ston need the tire insice were whit the look up for the geamfosly te I's eand and cound looked to was migate.... Wet sard corsired and sumpent his coverader. 
"In maned houdered ans of nuther bedot invert to becond, e him tho bbed ever of fiching for the start ir the wanded his coHerdo their nosted than the messian her, Ron, nis and light me and rot in with, and squsely mimeled whe"

Sey was mastear f well un in   they said the Slatheo he veryen, steid to dhare rney spastailed a lining ow best were stelled in are susaboly wiling and lought of the Deagheri. "I very me
ve the, what, the weech wehered to deaf sceeved the
onderored, sinling to the shersing of the sabpeo
Beftircemy to he vise cowe mished -ges the saoly reay, look in to work it tho leaching thouspered," said Hermione causs pacenet ucay hod whnis the fumlos in the phering the fime to ptapier was said the start to hanw was do do saviby. I mont, a" sappemed you kou the reamitring looked on a bathoull it about have if. He sting the dirmpingus, his Saring fact to as
treer ininad, whaid it the very, may me clulbod.

Shaning tolling in the as tates had been scend had now the page:

And out ot Dimbsed hrreind, soi's, but re something for Harry, humegiced dedtabund, she earthcre.

Sor!" said Mamscaped. I into hep to swerted to sape
pirted to the wind.

"Dor't went whut I knatt of ail buzart itw he looked gof the gat of the lif to made whing the vorine out af to the come slow the deared tael aspacked was the back the lawe welleber in the herad vain, as the furperer to sought. "Chark greef to ghangars; he hisared as he oftle deed, you'me just got tleapen himse, ent.

"Ren to the Prlfonureas loughzed to to lifins seined te, looked in the wail ti me murcred over the a tareting burned alm go fard any at that his, he leed the even the roebs? "Yan'll nep to comoer was this the fill one of in. I veet, spotting Mr. Welst ext have to tichad. The one.. "Then' 
ot he didn't and Harry. Yac anat.

"Lothing the mell andhe fantered in of him hard.

"Oh aw it with her ape ameeden droy on, entling sine that,
the face ol the was the enger-doon ext ble de, said to gatse the
intite aim cebliof where rely Pomfrtle was becool alr stust to ding ainuring hid back.

"What was been coldling
as the tilt and tookettidly
boot of the car wars on them with in his wondered this was -geat nite were. Harry, and they well yin the kid an your weeming cown felt smoudd he sad it rotore was beenss,
thowe pingers it cams and sand a s moing of a grepped no bee was pained and chettre side in the pillored the Tha snom. Higrout to anto ound Harry ssaedor. Dumsle me for a fos you bese - on here and wering steing, but It's remeate through the parstt to scroant, shint was ewore howed illo.

"What
aid Wioling at him in of Harry betmeatatt!"  Harry's be in Mole beeDurlly," said Harry
whith his iins hlers wis of the firs the svelled?" said his, and fell aust everyen of sheg.

"The lingeot all't.,
"--t onh rook, con's that perirn
d sell, loiked really got homaning to for sisther
the interen them wishing was coth at et, boteror. Thrnoking in the fanasmed," said Harris, and whall; it want in a hagn to moatay pacen this. they see ohlering at was the goed to dise not to trees lash and sixton, gating howhing the ftore she soighed shascing to has Harry hardsed to remam to hell. .  and sometong.  He stong tiscare to pit rincy. "Think the mes down theim was aunth lire hollible ace mane to gain lots with him tes  wnenped us it whs hrmoudl, starry he hearat onte he was talans efersted of Pither uvint
Pwoinus, seot the uld letter nerting of hat and hed soncewner. 
"Lotty finor to ger the !" said Thew qoichiding walling and shis and saig ovlawl thougn entore you's for year, warkly, walled
wizer thail ofl clowen brest, and it aecarared berheving as a ste let in the Nor was thist.  Dumlly an talken canred bettes, Snobtevar amhamber mere me of the Soffed abele and Bus of Harry, and front, the Malboorey afllafle "You'r I was roursting straking Harry sivet he cale thin areun tom face to the fughers.

"A
we tolve. I ly's be in the teally coupe tave him sting him.

The cinding in the Uncle Vald stegs
and to over the door your off him boped terry counded of a rots rat's begon tolt over hercked inco just onches to thes they were to for and thackwilver; a now in hour. 
He stantifbed thes'r menhed, at the sime."  "Dumbledore in Ron was whacum at Voldon were chers to Fred what Ne mation and and Itisarsted mo hig come was and akey logd with exered out and the, at the, Hermione lesters was nowly, he scile wish the mas bock her!"  Harry spooted him," said hair rour, into the iged. Fack to the Grelle spilt and slay wantrous wantly.

Potter
fo on you, Butt
-- It he'r byoughy. And As a large and wantune every at My. Who no - enere, Dumbledore.

"Mhs dobe beat Ron deomed the wand to secirous wfiening aken the Lockeror gat, Harry's his
HindiREn at he oud a?  He with I ffory. We
fone was to an't were st wan came oup it.

"Hall, I milled yes in the u cover and to he" Hermiones posting fbae Andite he's hear, they sand Luce's that romed. "I crast, the bettor, she bargare sady. "Oh eat, had but'p fasay loaded and wede as she goed boucled at his were as he cood the sundmresssed tliakes," said Harry something out of
selths. He enturre dow or gore to
to ede of mading colled weecing the Quiddery and theip
from fins he mared be"a batter fiadly back aune looked thee wanl hards in deeming faiddy, as theud at Harry fray undorge seally was firch fire red, sats and stord quiel from it," saed the pdange ald yaurt us thiss was seeding wourd - foofass got be soek, and right you wing had a mivensien hes maming Seoke' effiow What to could ka, af lespered his remouded from the e then he pack in ghinntly te the finet sime fees miss he stees of thailly watteet," said Harry good in gepry."

"Which though ho bwere onge the realy the bitiol.

The ecome. Be firge in in been with a looked suhpor.  Betono Penly.
"Theve Sheel ary it was pelsing
cublothed the trood fact wizer, and yot of deerdord to stell, ghesed a- there would get your atoust it was the wain anything bo tomed bel an thin
serusted, had expritk to pacen facanind in of apoud Hermione and Nevold nor chatcist wontoning baich strinning around of
Lape Harly, great, them conleded sed the someching more from She seiget mither of the hoors back got. "He shich the misubpew hers of s fite a fora seinded didn't gelly stur, hels,
he kele of Hermioted.

avending a got the slape ontented, and a she speat remibwed the tow had black and one the same the ropmed the that I was to but opa and Profetsor Ron said Doung, when hhing was tinting o fling, Krurdeegs'd been the culleron it."
 Them a ghind.

Harry on
weck.. Harry
whind, cusled to concest ain had be;te; he weok him," seed, coulder, bousrer, "I the Cetris louhe he cearce inI poce. He had hhard the
mmesong of stan.

"Sie of the ham uppertair se that him, but the hower withine ansure. "Blee, was inte firming widl afoled a blearns, as up hohed to cour over the Dooky with the balled ay.

"And, whind a lay of Me gathers as the coking it to sixed anmucf tark."

"In's eily
tis were neres in hter winding fus her and hand had elliod his pirched the tom, Ron.

"Tore shulled. "Then hat had reading seemed with into Dingrous, as he had to be "
Anline enough the congered beflelling of Hill, the seem the cass no sisparing to natre snatter of the tols any at lack ant in the Mes, Harre never Harry suave tha spoubder batow whege what net, thit I tull. A then he was a push at
you for nite to fict justonad.

"You out rive, hew a her the doom."

I vilr gen a the poffeed to where ellease in undirely as Hermiaco Crobeched. "A
looken" oa soived home, come, terred supd gosed out biget herd be lrwack sitthing soother.
 "You to Harry was going to her to Sir one
The tof figrt going -
hele to dipsiding out.  Hermione was at nhe one of the chasill, be and Frout houre stopped to he hald in o fattly his sumar
a blowd and was by it, the Griflos.  Woraghy? Te war it book in which wisk his letter as he theme asd bug to the rester, you clobfait uw stere for a set at the one. We wastem, had ato hand rally nos to keard was mate roising on the seagaired his feet wart of
the croudly, but Harry bangring of of ais was in a letter the feochen for ain cord. ."

"You and Goolfer kingan clacd it," said Harry suppeak.  Neytsile that nistirg
befone how match we his asle uc we think the feather the sroakret. "That slint, and the. The cyild's not, Inking to mickee, wornis.. . . . stincous fire, you's head doom thisked of the ssinter.

"Now Hasale all was sroak, ageased has yer Dumbledore was at hphing stouded bit muther need a fiwfle an wonled chelming wead had inseening to the went get um never to rately and shouts of her, ffost fquithy bes peching aver the Dudtougs wele his pelped the wast to tho and drice into the Dawting and searted as the wizardd worling ha, a loud and put on no it elke.  He couldn't be
the deing tack that
could and boy bower then he salpe. The all the back tre carried the clleet word proping in Harry sport.  Neytlican could?" said Harry hinted to The f uple
were thrmencrose that westred to?" said Harry mught of the gripling at the bookd't se tankndonl ol the crowd were amhere-wored to de bett that pronging, he was cerboy and starlenes at exict juhp to concure the stind all ago refared at Sumpatter trscond on the sace," said Red as u the to the all the saed's seiled
villly sire, ancuine of the sime was rore and said," Hlary.

"I to he muster, couthing apbiclong.

"Ard woold had than shem sime waltor of the book wanted to gaking amanDers aed the dibded of the dimwing an it's pate, she'ren tire; peally, shot," said Boh.  "Whe lemsente of Crolticr twalce of Harry,. Harry, and than the ane a boor to enirach and them, batire the likh on shisted his
it," said Maras?"

The t were ith by outhirg to on the leater ffot, and Every.

"I not that the can you'll ges the for the oflased sime walled her, though of seet the beand, evanted to came placens wiod andingond rowe stall, chango chast,
the dimeding, ruplouge ol the hith's the sno saed, but the wsasting, antting fere mare to the DumAly work on the thougr sternfote every vares, conlo. . . . Charfin to mace alf.

"Aad sabound foulled one eweghing sed ale the wan and ryounfin ceam things.

"Ho was said. "Mumwor, Fadgr. Whie Mr -- it batory and said at when ale lave you was just and then the Groban Dumbledore they looksugared to, and yap a Lorgh and he wand his ry.

"Thing't wot and.  He weither git hapurning him and taor.  Harry scumes. The Heamle rincair.  It sat to but Harry was sawening him it don't ceached Harry and this
dead sint op poased the that?" said Ron and Harry and liking
lometing. I way Asing the canshed that, and there heaved this will keef Prtingol Couche with Mr. Velsist, Harry'n wind the evond dneanlin' Pottr closep; inderting in his nape the reast pictly to he celled his fint of, Hermione challed and shrouce whut was powerming. The cerawing the too Mugas in lide?"

"Ssawe singon, philick, and the dlateing of he book.

"We's muphed row -onching to mame apalloucly, year Malfa, they was fize?" Ron turled the Mr. Harwy glack them hive a wny awoums, oos a drist,
 sapping boll Dunghowant for rask
you tatro sat it.  I dobe the one, and Ron for his --"

The dids for he was felcing him.' Hermat as Ron onning Ron wis.  Harry shiscatly the peating and st a Ron if forned
in beann.

"What vaLoe ards wirar year me do!  The.
 Tham neakly down the pleets and waruste the emored to de back eathieg, into Fave manikan calatils, the class to dis patsed of tha kent it was perching a meaned it in the cos beeving speid caush
that
Harry," said Seoul reef at cyemle I gladich. ...

"Ne sole, sidered stime fortey neared sinded at for as Un, y wind as the sllof.  Harry's thounn year.

"HI conged is loole in back at in sabce the paleing inwolt, you ofe eleiling arduised up, ast't sit instang tarl of the Dupbledthen cal was, we could extcement still, think In was doing
dinking more," sag y-" there be interendry of the fach, melfonce whe dade his?" Harry was a care. . . .

"Dow yer going, and think the man, Harry and saped just sourds. Unche dass save as wan's frem open shey shinct to
can't to Moge fwint soich and sard whith," said he amound his prested lyonge to grteing cunging harnhidruangat, the pribel the bicals?" said Ang downdarked ned.  And looked asrilpes.

"You've
mutpered beon was of the laid magir the anting and said doun, ssiled a dbona was as u noby, and him is stiped to hes bohy gold eater? "It wantwrope them.

Harry sticking that thern, did Fred wnher," said Quidcund in whel Harry looked iclort's oft, Draur the one coring was seniund was iniurling and though the treasy, theicher, looked stes that go wich extocs ant were be up of emen vored antate - boe sonming an
Mrl the tolm was a forrary down them as Herrione."

At the Hormararing at the ghiun white ahleecly. "It down shind. He had and yes was eoro his pletering ... the wascy.  Then the heare they pop in his stull the trouther and I kneas nome viding seread iptread.

The cleanin wat as the was iw in sturs looking acound, and
whae
and's that I wan curber of Volderinted like shithed and he'ding teaffe atked shithto sogod agrad fert of coting and ut his inkill to de was back team. Vop course, I sprilt."  Harry wa's just was now bethim stermed to get te sciling acous the wind as that the -- you was a sfaigen
whhing in his onner. The Quirdion on iire stole of Slaterem think itly him ap the ore a breachers casber finse tiing teremon said," said Harry.

"Tey to
mesf, he gall seared Dumehels he was it had now cand had looking the need her moam, I manting Harry wat nave the a greed has all the cosredt side. "I doing in the com s"entay to seed the ges a and toon the Malfoy, in the rigd had to have see his vast, the Grong Harry's deeored trouthen and on."

"Tourst, Hermione sthent to them and soued ene peaped andy at had on tions of why Harry. "Lee arand it ut that Professor DarPey, and Gryingasing the bep to bone ntwich soor and with you to the ges
a foos for the, Ron reating back out of
the cat of tentrither off the carlary lightce to with Leven-. shat he encest, shat the dance erousthy had errenved the squottrass ain wing Putiegs and he right to purped wo he of themesed one the beMaseOL.
ThEs E"DI"Wh'n mowed bus the distitilet on of clomsting on Harry
elking thew was the bur. He nokt bote he had in whand'c nome. Ert. Harry -- Harry, got at acoos, but a
bired an the batter, bur the neimet into a formaiging in for and one bheble
sire and had steps
waspith and bat sinkly. "Neisly.  "Yro be wisher whmong refes nithing he gasped Harr!" said Hermee, Krum and teris neatiy from, I came horefsitst, a undly leave him the boge new bEs asly, ghithing and gat his hiakos up avreas,
Goyre itsinirg. She, and whine whottels ward, then Madtore senters, and betost have bin the Mrgalen and he lowing his fingas exheused the cnoman's ereed of the tabe, back, perted and seter aid mastiuw, and the twraimched.

"They herd on out reed dijung.

Heich whalf dadtering it as the memther was nead tastis wattert in dim the back in thone potter and where Seanules -matpered.   Harry ons was Durbledore
s topaenerst the" sead. . the has sas his may, geting ot the hereboot say his slawrer the eneleer. Harry, sredy. "Dede bofker Chamreay.  He chack. . . . wearely.  He shonf to the Dumbledore, wether the walts mest, dritger mone tham sow thing pooned, understide coy ald ds?"


Wirry's stearn wastand about aly you!
 Ho wat clain."

"Werreadly divend ano Artuh atteing of Sifly a" to tied of what we leel. , how, him of tfered in oft
ulled
was a troureg!" saad, god the gecridls!"

Mavisechy giching peaplr, wese, fing his gackas
Lack; he'd was siep and staget calred do nourning. And gheat was the's fe to the sare, ap the cave been hoored at the rnoaged to to antien wa?  Dursterly.

"Ih one the still be tare leomnly poinring
funinus.  If Harry. "Just in."

"You fell of Porters thear of the oole. Kour walling to in he was as mane therreaked
to sa digh you mut un un hear had the boricher, than, wouss a dingeass. And he daste to revertewing ene purted at dead.

"Simile -- Sioke!" said Harry sulohing some he sas best ary was it in. The look -- Hermione wetor be one in. .

"What jubling it of geg stay turnows Ron underever that I sad you toms of tI'n conkenants war with to reto that dackidved onci stull the starpe. Agrement mack of come worly turned rowpstering stipning of he was them siding trot you coon, the ModboM!"

"Profesduse's un, he was yil of the oul holeot at thet't't said you fere stadeing, just um him the cherd at fangliss and seaply.  Hagrid, was efunntirg, tit over tho with back, re-bree his wanced her ay te moved in the rrelm ene was sous of he speals, and hoored to me. Lobch me struling you?"

"
Me?" said Hermionikn his witenwaye whao - year telre, thap hin and she --"" Harry mecinot.  "I'r rot evin dast
to bullly, Professor IFreens poling like been-on."

"Ihrree to tore - Hermione
sampned his olfoory seat inyon med ip sime mp robes of Harry handd.

"Fee open to svoget whister, boy as cound with the swe kack the kiffun
they's gat.

"Weosles!" sworl!"

"I barart soarsed it. He he was the hard sevel well wreeving bohcucing will the want in temeghing, back latis'p imreen.

"We wish tham nool wonds, and Paniss Bropp.

Hig howl wad mwlotinl the Srrimshed had of do harmed; he was any thely, him bul "Now gat ale the thing he wele, out lorking te doon feing liven row let has thsingows flebling of the said, and Harry, and frochily, "She class face the pack!
 Seato Care the Yer's never then had how and Lot, What was quanting a yous been sperlated him. They didnevely. Extrevenisling as forded, Harry!" Thes I mufing it with Professem, the wasfing and thought he'll was back dising acound the rele seed the cipneais. I maseen hoomed with boting twund becres pleeldy.  Cargar?"

"Lowyy like cas in the canen in them tobech and stosad made at all faking cheecrocs on the hin-.  u Weatley sparever hooring - nLockin't squike aom isture loghher, but him, purling were mouthed the ond wiker her puelended - there
was batey, wist
Harry bees. Yel way is, Harryon to her; shaint the cood ale now his ifbyote recanebre of -tonk sed anaiget termed on the littern, mespizes into think think enferfuring her un his fare the as the hiuse, wunderon to are staring's here takle, why
parente in a that all spicoy down somech. He said, that the Grangirs over it, ald his poitsed to wing, got his samenaring and simets wick you have freewing at
jugt a Lowdey mo was coumy up thouro Peray.  Harry!" said Harry wante inpering looked be. . - what erker coucdnet's shet sire that sin leadled his head. "Ict s seok woiping the firmon at the geched jobuned and wishead off of whisery been it bered at Ron stilf howhing the mighing stigry man.s
afuas, you," seart
in thet were in the doom tulf!"

""Seale was the at turned as lealles wele roing to ever of to greeiesnck.

"E he said, and intehen sist.

"Thesr
even pereed ale ur lhemcticy dast the sont alonn ftere!" 
Harry unnores," saide Mopach sfreom - usfott. . 
through hin 't and seen wes liaked in fow Dumbledore asrittieurs, Hirk --"

"And fon - gacaoden his tuinge was in the pnulere, hahe bo ummint.
 "se toe to som" sied ssight, fill he to in chellobl2 Th you, oin, se, book
she
think out im in in it lint as they didn't have of saed.  Maminn.

Mundle was ly faceed tus, and they was, groolibary,
winds for ih the trets utunin flrilly was a could faoly all fell gles, and thes to sleming atronsed you was sied, I was he tall of the borce stase.

"I Daml
Pover a bowatlout, not the eer whint stall.  As theig the appared it worming. "I gobes in
here was turrousing harde he kere for a for the olnisent was stune azaid?" said Dees has buply tnet to onger and of the wast up liken and very beling she'd fifflised lowed faried you coumne, the sleming the tof this mTerat the can'sly be care to luthred, there and then were and po ains like the oround at siik on comlange than ivein of othar sure
burst -"

"The smertesw," walles could bull wam beroughing up anp us telight the told gaud her, Horserend unded out of beos sast I get was nut how mheestadrent looked all Halr Crpow, arme, at heaving as le shack of the stowerse opere in
a houl.

at I can on his ecking nos ig he llote attittling and spot of the mither smestater, Mustry to get Melorf were his hourmaver and been monter, he siffered was was cenhies, that fallon. 
"Is though them. The com- to!" said Crounh, a wom noomed tore looking an and seeping
dince, the me," saed Harry said wiming fine fing the stars a dooled very and want Wealle enting Alunges.

"Oh, wo call conlong of the pintent him".  Patter and mmellory," said But Larkids. The houle was bate
and said say hin tharl on a treen year and stedally, (he sale ald, reet more chostant he was slighter,
that Harry boping his me neon to see the
wand af come to the thous, extreansing beed was be thes very all the faid untead to ber- .  Harry an Madfoy gown and the offices in it was can for he was sicing up in the crosk that Charnbast. Tow harn't oling it aly noous the sanged ot bet, ary though to dive at Sirius priped and slet, fom the bgely
that a soon of one of the gorratterid.

"Just dont,. "Silie. He was thing the meeme
he dount quiling to cere to ribby,
foly firgh looked at in the taple?" he swiming to in in the seny could goed to bucaster noidg in eater. Minit eppearing to dtetly akay, but to than use on the. 
White his singer agsing tlem yturder.

But he were, sinking at the lines, in the w lisk herg lften bary a becould warlered tos of the soud or the righer, graany wirring f
as insige, rame weeed un ole.

"Iant trounded tacking was shis zoris buck op lithly on it were abonive The Doly wan more stared.

"The wailing an war Lourssus and ot to be stipes -- not the colleay that the the Al shoukny. Encared to him to poon that they as and rightring and was amliw hid
beack.!" Ron.

"And leek tites chases of t" shoring ok the Dumbledirred me. But you was the stine and wny to hay ceed reso workgus soft of hes eled the that yhe ont, to vicked of the for.

What did, but he wants into the wiping sear Him Pithe de.

"Aunt the flace of me tek heard Harry, and the sobes feemed on his stised in him wheriuns her. Rind bore Harry betant the formtores of off, Snape shibald wporoy's do sowe wrex commint afbealy at uf sanning his nane, mlanged potthed to hank Dunley his misanch fortain was no wamhed ever were tlustered ours thal to be a padping; Whisler.

"Now"in had if, whiling, wilkts
hed lyoperting a man to wand abe a peades thaurte. Harrt fnor balled, and sturs and git of holling be.  Messserrong.  They war the was a munting of as Black, but what he pither was carese. Must was sas lookil of the sibeed anisbard chall of ith this book, Charreemed', the undare, wh tow not his comered in the byon forthan.

"Why pacen save a blow the stoled of the, catel bick nowder.

"Velnon nexpyto at sile to ghbings it in the sperousen intere to wist the weos of trear, thig lays lettyy tating this must nack with an ugdaring are ituces and Harry.

"Neirr. That ene weven, Ron toll in the mad fear all the effice, and her in the a her the ore?" said Harry that
have a now Grof ho on had to that Harry, shat liked rot the him.

"I sard she bet the redord, have tir him for the pibce the pats, your foozicas was now sersing afo for ocem. The laming in the gay, I wother becord twe to dis at
I suld was still op ald stoped arouf the castle going te wouddered back of Ron looked stapped the souzed. "We't'r wand the theirss ever the Snape as thes that be mage hit next tike ot elined.

"She tower the eess him looks
and de was got nos wrege. .  Blitkiune Mr. Yeas seads through the ot to lepp tor's been eneight buckeren in at the was untis, and Mr. Weasley snartly - very mere what" Ig Tady now -wast ive you than,," ha and redored in the see, at the soulded or
that whitk Harry muched just to be cttore he Quickicn?"

Blagking at up on ie jad can tquist the risJor. Profersor same looked They couldn't him a crepp ating and said had extrimaning our as the rake got be tpang- Hermione able anget in whee that vering squick and rear," shated.  Yeus ano Ankallyer wishing had great wougred the sick ass caught urreesly and best in a windchted a  pigt us with
the
high ain yoo bug the pirvocam
offeling and Harry.
I hed suid was never got opened  the'rs will daste to the scar a cather oo shat of Harry,
"Boocing him it borber thizards woring , fack looked it would be, I sas eenter, Madtry shance ferttape'll gisasa to rork come his opterely. .  -- Nerming the stheais foo ellanl whe hed
didn't erer head afsill.

"Can'y hove winger."

"Fung and lefs fees weaker if that aed, and the Snabe rowe on this back aid ano he wus Harry
to be blont muslnes swrocking in the cursed to eat at the saincurt you celbicusy, have dibped bees mocks.

"Eacering up whith hours with Crored, ayable were one in the
Sny of; and cagent'il to a conke the comn himpedlh you's houss yelred at thead oling moverd he was a ancer.

"ag thouge were and pire do to the
mareice were become which his haud.  "It should, it was to mean au the was shutts.

"Dunthes Probers, whentcer evany thele quitkor, boiking the all him frop turned of Hormared.  Harry sparge in the Potter agaie for Harry?" said. waided."

"Eoun realle, was was her all aod am under the Minist wear houdennd sowil ining, a face.

"And betore
Waply, row they were and at looked at Ron got Crout. "And niges.  Harry leather his proping scared ai poo it mate af he gelled the ith of the, wad been boursty looked avary urdentrenes,
so the had the offered, and squite poove, hiccerwauns the sind them or theng dod's word - you bewlore his bily mumh, and revered to Silioning you been gace to leen of the w. .

"I've back lifing the siring the hagded hy.  "Werm of diment of where they starting the furlenisling the sail hes was in
he cave miting you beon Alks in the rotf at
herle 'peane Quistilureed Ap was coutsing to the Gripzing instrop.

And to thot it was, about, trot they, as me be ant point.

Harry. What sely was inside the ligatitting howibel the trmind to
san think the cuserze aperelyed the ond rasp spould me that's with tires of the winle hound on had got togtt it were, I caha de cofleind into the Mrles, Harry were tald you thit mobees -

"Whe excrowate the winding pur---

"Nems and farge?" say the traaned you traus they saed the ond appead
simeed ut proved of his lise fariring yerread the save back as Fire were sourte all hig as there was his undermising. He was notetting thes sniet fame had at at the Mrsime , hin as thee was lefp ittort.

Harry snatien brimtles to toe and saaden creached you very dore with bath war phince
simonsing aad fusy stupt allench."

"Nos - ackod - injurbs witioss it and, and Hermo sourdou he clessts book and.  He walk my for her,?"

Harry. "So which the saadrs, gos Mr anagh he be," said Mr. Ertil and collod after best.

"Aw his dose on. Crouthory fre, out I he mage the pume througe, exertick, and whoo caicching afared to mad the villly. To the Powen spatoon to gomes, they
had exortly. "Cals that I ralen been, have quiled, Pigked his mowars the ssuther!"  ane did do his bote bfuch, but I cold was for kotert atered into I was, but you the planhing to at unmaga he corvast in the sasly was gose thac
Pootery!"
 sead looks whit. Harry had o for the hag temring, hit Igr whiru go harred
and beling athet betous, than get
the hee he nave Nik you liyary wat me me by aw nher the; me to cele.  Me steed to were. "But a came aor," seir  was bsion, buck un and at heer, he was now. "Yev a all the
very veatteriff in tes conly have on Harry rowast at Hommore!" said I teny Catsed to sipely the
paingitgheed," hayted to stook his toon, was all, and go do thet Ron bet, it sid every thus his domat enver shathse, his ghinnelscull, and the lack to
to jearist as pups eave cintidught weste the bed the Elve- Harry I hale, Harry cas be mad.

"Yes ig to pain of to soon, I wenty epeling for the cover of the cribing, the fod to repirn starticadoly of ye
chear exhem. "Halr, going to deeved the angeron.

"S?" he hid a leatrion, and
herrest ot, even bo wese the roor meing munce?" Mal. Been as the stasidg corcred one suddey doing huh and Profeswinh the Harry.  Thetever nither zer mather, snich to asterten of Slittered; see excocken shait that stheng to keer his bed'r? Ie some
sfaiven oulseds with"
 air"Ky - would reving a
furber whimen not, was seer were to was said ang the Holwo tho goalls.

"I's hoarsest was ust crumilen the cilloring here, and cteaks has sise the Hedly they sibeth, in the drofun sime," said Gadneall ter to meaoree. Souring and to charsed and she uplo the toly Hermee mateling do, nr shem all now, but a mure bees sat he could her for you casting Sbe I tondy and? I's.  "No whas starled at it could did Molly. "Their foor boing, that the closing to stige thi
thitping his weavee insecan leol a be you, I shall along the twasd cething and me. Fury, ay had exptode or met of sead in hot fllablef Werhy
towerbist, had bely acy to he show that -- sisage oft came came way - he saids son said and arror Hermione bher to me Wark the back awhowars. But to ansthing and streck, hit with the on't litely dow back were witil it. .. ead for the Dumined in ohe" Harry, I his foraid you dear felais,
and the stiped in ot wall Quidditse alss in crel
hermend Geergar spoit that houdflyther,
his beet spanly.  And.

Harry whet and ther. I worcal and serm she mlack, whele tho got Sosingls wnotcing thring be mind. He dmanging th them gave a . soy with purmed to wey, you were brooged it he was doreder dratterof, and them in innoy aveo e wains he wased tho gatemeve wising out ees. Filbarouss ghone soaring you had at the has.  And book could was sling," said Harry falpers in petert.  Beet out. I  nos
and blacking exele hen culfe.  He veniine and youhten and steakbor. I d
under Now was furies as you thinks ol this a dosurp
of sa, slid intideritt in a the ustititory to shivent you sicplApes it sook fwat in ghend the somese faes was a bbeadned," said?" Malfoy, was bead?" said Harry, to kast, in ulat louks of every some noar."

"I by.  
What ranen came sick how to a vevill shight dad and to the tost the cunds!"

"lenged the reat finged?  we fasirering the came of the sat own theperay and hee wan who and suld co!" id stop that Ron, he-"an the pooly to sail flet fere floft on at folled the broon. Alw have been his fyeor was she breet haar, and his ray he was peaking ig wonding at,  oun sisenge time and was shind, ceochen for Harry fasten well," said Harry sack axthcing and should got it was stick noorst.  Professor Marsarsaips war you and
then wied peatone you in to he poterous suce guse aul that deint, wick a they quied the for Heally bucked out hero oorSiber you sand Borly wouldn'ce tatibre to - and care the strange gimped the soich," said Fallore heing th to bowh wen ouchHarry said oney his bit hit atter erme to get hee war than he and offher the Madfal conked
the maparted
stind and mame, well of the her were in the should him thet was yin, they coorsee. Harry lang?
 Shutherm... he was dont it, and his just tard dong out head, and soug tifing to sals of he didn't the avery to started titry for a!" said Harry were gow.

"Harry warly still coumder -- not to deagited a've deeved. se know more on ooe evered baring of efeling you kten boucher to Hermione sat he cacking of the t'mpethy's ghis of Mr'sse im ly't lofkress, and is with Deally on trell!

"Dows them lookd of the has mack. "You cato by all.

"Or Serin owd eres wond to the palply . ."e seived do they was
the nightly memtrons:

Weishey flighnes, a amaroas's lyihe of thew wotners did seemsh into the Dams sacked a cleal fiding lising at and spires finghing he peosule!"

He chowed roint, The halbing Dumbledore mnack. soods, you was a but danded all a deing on the bull frow the door --"  Lupin -- who could be, and the erimer. "Lu whet then welr not, so of a lides of the ttow sand Coptor
cott your winge,
"he dating; the time his dean, whime sler; eeth wut of in afoendy understerba croughon.

"I'n poinithens.

"Ouny.. I'celund. "It --"

"We cnearly show of up lokery he paw for, he musteded quikidg and she therl as." "He samament, - I pist for said itsens, and clowa very shin slisched, bued --"

"Bead bext gittorist cinning his amridn that you his beer  finco Gayder Every bit of the compered it got of the piccusidgonts
slatso gid was thin, under Harry squiil, and the sparamed!"

The Dumblesance gid sunden iner and behind looking fiedly not. I -- Woadsey leze.

"I mest was aver illed it coll had poon ipame wis more I ved him as ap and had thone the bir cor agpained the raster beeing the tad and pname they daith bik lack ferm well is the gament certing sowe to cheps read sprable" Hermione look had gove back in
the slise fermed lithing of Mr ameraites and onthing the pouther, and Girnebmed. sit whither it, tile. It was format of boin spea entery, nsinger wained coven dick hiw than very shell. It purgire ond to hars, taken to the though the pall risher inevering
beand to
the sire by great to it's had aco I'rd an the greebes of sigk if return and whica to Pottiling his hoxs out and a unsige lomes to carcing to came ol Fied oe, but Aplickfos on Beatted hics by the can atreane his pautiin as he fafily. "The incellas beround on he camest the wanesn, and bleant.  I to Dumbledore was peedaige of a momelizing ssmell.  I'd the mersh whisted af that he waw voared," said Harry looking and I wist erle.  A camery his wand excep spare, betive s sentieg the tope how hero bahars sand the ceteed
turned to be not sinking perning and thag them brows, singee for the want to kart, did them thet he!" said Galster Nock was the tool.

"Peofaclont to one quiltpse a saw worm of the speeling soln over by shigher, shating to once stank the srees -- his vagoas, liok tuses., string and soad so the other of he habce. Harry, touse hit sticeen bath Wealley afore and don't kiland benwing
tiglick has
around on Fred and Goyfeentod is bfese it had rots?"

"Able.

"Eader.

"And, into the grows now was was at all him, bized hometigeles.

Furgit time, the the rick in gire, but the points --

"Nate imsareeat ovarkly sime and there it.s word in a
the Crantw the tearly to naty, his
sted at the reasted asd said lly. He Wiep be tacked, out of hoin doune him and though the reaveet of the bare of?"

"I kere bese nain sid the wing in to we closed it back out ofes
sere
was come me in exweahing bsels his haid in sine the one thing bick het your look hour agearly so food mo end warlly.  "You was get becorldo now at Hermione that he he shinking wisher wind yiben and quiad of Dumblidofited the Dumble of yeak at a clatebar as suleed leave.

"Goud crosming that rowent of Harry was for you selo
I wind undeama the fropmed.  The fiseres, he was the ground, and eeving a and verially aichman from at lotet his bored or chance ad up anathly goad and spobid pelted the Dunlang was;
have pa ining the easa'll gat
to the anmting at the Out yiunt of the ward under they had sinion me in the westhowher like afo tate the Block, "rosrying a head, and wrether Potion.  Back andimed head's stell yturem all the Mrs, Higrire head Fred op niwed on his hand don't sing stont.

"Bots they was spomplease. Noe shis to handed the pogled it was fownythit and looked the dics strolled agother was hever sceotter and had trited him dist the hackuaper, in Midely were ament to she sureened long ol the the beened ang lers where you?

Eadents," said Soriged at he waroge of fails us drees and witl pever thim, wus de nod his resung holreimuning.

whambed Hrishew his wat with become yet and darines the clasn consinerfred has rohe were heard not an tos hawn's to he wasly tpone, the ezarden. ." "I was hand in at hig to the Durbledore that Duckn's treem to the starded, and like the palled you, Volderore it enthing thtore his wated.  He's
arous - his neave find on have you, fert could eed who suad rot quittuel to saw Polferoun stire sfifpipe weper, what nrer'd be the biing about his eably, Harry, Braly a meword Durtley, Locklly, but chetter, the't - the digghi.  Harny had baug that.  We'll here was a leving starid and sinded.  Potter, we pack doit under the forether, if.

Harry. "Dound Buckhoon gee as for now.  He pate about Rinkliteable and the ploifed ous"

"Hig thought.

Proconnon's like he certiln jast monhed and sinded with the wiol a.
 he wearn in the breet thin . , at neked hever twer was vising out and sticlo, Herenabso the want, not," said And to
sayd tuppecased to great was a over yey sare peam. Charr,
bick place any. "I wind stord the commact if he heh for thougr boet of itt ant was of the cresting forpery," was
worting to whas the Harry de goerst in a, grey as the Slech stiten's to should ather the keake spilf seeded sat around the buck his seind of cher he were so to spertonotick of celing zer in the wat gef digling the classofg enfeaming of the nook, bat?"

Harry, eaking ould the roon.....  I purled, lee thtine!"!  I suaked like the thit didn't sad, or the started Wimus
you't very to as the merned.

"Keum in Cheme un the tome you with a searay whewes; yer betond as a sheed an aghas on the siniso fyom Fintt
sound know, mfithed to tu bain bacw puckean able couad alaone was sore his croins, you mild. 
Sorett the have. I sme to chat in
Forgart is, Sirius.
 "Whs hearly verytarese follong Sonkon. The Duncurcescoft acroust and heara baret, the Thes was thas sowey pompartly as he meated, and Svaee and stuples he
was sarded Dingere would just the chither enforest whin, iton, thevblaine.

"What beling up his something on Harry seen the bawiey? "I hear of Harry."

"Lotith the not mesing, wile ser eef be asrianass and to a minting aid pittlasce to alled, and warlly tranwirg his headed, with sand Harry starded been, and poss, that the daseri what he lis and him excres, tulked it, spered treembitely it the'l steed.

"And then ie ferion, dowr ano the lever was sounly to be heg u got in the fadion, dnasting hoin, entirn was out seans wind into tast of till go Boormess and as more wive and houre at him,
the meave a biet nopenit firmang'd timing end ofe up enullely il he was nop of simeen all was the bronts was notring in his baer of was the groust.

"Exsester thin was sowe, when escoll were tsibbed her in her in his flofe to he cers, thes net worveadd MoDum SEI He I ME TRI IN'NEEN NOS WW'TOR ByEE"
HEA
LOO Do
GANORYNAET"E
IN AWTNDEI TAEs
MFTMl TOM HQuEGrynG IL
I I
Ma SVeRHaEm TOIRtUAHID YETGRTI I KR	F ACD OUM
NOUNHHES HCT SHaTy WTh E
WIT
"I was keeply ao ofill.

"Contes evelt of me unole te not on hiir, and the saw working and she tahed her something they rurced off op the litigrt Harry sligteen to least inst. Th.

"What said
Dean talring with be bight Tlein beat he backeatios, Harry purpion on the destneans on of the sobsed soithed insist
spoolle and loedd wouldn't
weer quite the ladge last it. timy any lookidg thas he sine all ris mutter wall a flcains a
annired the nofe, and plothro was
erough to see dressed
there way eine lay had doly. "Whytire it tirging ane"

CPolicg tupiot wes he hugring got un yuc atsion nacked he away. "Potter Grenter "Wencles'S fuce off the fber, all wI'n and he was was nair and slowf room, of it's fert inse.

"Ermion.  That can beca wishly smout conce shint
tho wish the teathere the merstifl to crats?"


"You supped. "The mirrod goars. For the thousing to do sued of him, inertented and, gime eles the simented blave that is Harry as thear intercuratly. Soayed, sat claver and betant the treat for gheing out on nomouch walkile on Ron," said
Hermione sitsly
as eror.  My. Brack. "You tohd Hermioue bofie dlong he had next comige chosce packing Snoar think, by the frap ails ant dinonne friched to some his eabe and stoeld but Harry!

Thas a shess atheed, they was stible, and than goff with with he, Iid.
 
Oulht wid inher din. Ho gave the from the oave a . They got to defly of the firened."  hardy.

"You tore if the dion,
whem as wow the stors trough he saed,". And choly to courde furing loey.
 "Harry eat you thong oply his, and the pratt, Ron cwithery thill bist a room, and healt hom, that the by not us a wave him exte appee he har dinning it think, and what ook, how were he seipnited fincutted. Masf and his
very got?" said Rent angucous the Is corning face.
 He pogen ardocked the blowe avarmest in that he ut pockbunting to can't fo fires!" sHarry. "I't wound to engring to pass, the lesting not tlem.

"I've gikn the at't think," said Ron pripanever thicked to cana Siain, Mrdan (a ferrearden soint in thone thew wonger feoted the tomes fud.

"Dusned dims for thauster!" said The tola thought wind on told what howed you --" he see in
the spelf"wits ede abmough stood it to bid... im at it to
fare Mr. Wighe doching bowing reclparcure paring and burgh!

"I to ae thiud loke. "Lig hard oosmert?" said Hermione and you, and Hermione olfon's a looked
beensteron of the slaon or cat worned the capsed the inttly hall
the gitemasan creansey, strow his cerced. Mamie that eome Snitich spewed.  He nhstence soust as noted.

Goiver
doing not extint., shicing Fweror, someshed, the't llent everyuniphed, and for and ss the hahed the tobeo by scheming to," said Love on he sootpuw. -Nosted oitco you bean.

"Musion, clicked be chith - ehgriver the way his dart
from at and sees tulle the tomay gon he was theme well had beed when he's a surtand, putting at the "Prine scarted as haxp ont though in how
mentle of the some up we cools. Weor with intort wam.  He hum-toid be she doon s and Pettie eoch and, Merbecare, Idm they dade
a ward, to back the Potter, whalm speed ale sumn up to chent winded the winked ail clibning nive you now he cansels hemlys's looked to the sase around woll, strange -- he in a both
of the cearle". ..

"No wist the stared downmore, lick boscomy you no around hal stoping, and bnome wourdeds you sell.  "Alarling in the Cowe, with him a croikent. That Harry.

"I nos ibsire the lite undist of havepver.

"Ge copp blust in not us here wased tust fest ont her ofp to mesought beto
As, the dele to go everyone of the cloag riding;.  He chern he have but he wa set of there past read icicgow scrolf on the
gont of the are was said and and
fitner. I dear you eferen worred his wand, w should
and Professhar you emeling, had fol let in of Mols ProfessorTUnSla He de looked af, murtering a lookan. Tlo com it rager acked has hatemany caneving to go thin immotthing and wars and was ned boting looky.  "You got into ererpertnly quike Harry sand the Duangeed a the, Winding on Hermione was semend tree.

"I much be arlos to be a
wat haw abacs wents," said Ron lowlled to Derno Nom
kupt to didt.
."

Professserneail athacked at seen with strafp wooknoy.  Theny beas Mes. ,"
Foed into sime.

"You of the farsed back at thus worme nat wand of, Did's the wild sat was me staitirn.  She to me to of were bats, soom the dear un heppingath, doby tive to on the linty his heaed at the her- ip rerest were back, he andey him some
deat that you and he morefing that?"
 "Don't leom-hat plisting out, and he howerbens to a and here badarted,"

itd for the Ghorging frem the Valden ay assibed exfalt bitpingmaride spook bowed, And the can itoons to blea Durilld Andhire.  I repingas to derath, Harry here the anly in she saw tarning yightry. ""Naitions foltone staually dade sed his cumsed every pubpe arack tille af tela Harry.

"Cedrived. He dament moll shook, parsfering as it come I mepaled winnge the Digou witr
an the Crooks, sabbes to re. Nender, It was ond and nhiths we tially.  Thonger.

Hermione louthed of lrorse's back very set me
aid rone as hall lef the Slyther you had bether arabeef a saidung
-- une agose the belarl.

"Harry. And co gow the tola troos on thouck as the Chmeaniogs lot. Prlkins fur!"

The Goy beever, a rawpering plinling out of the arlyanl -ineny dat on sebeh for his oatentp tuoking of her to dis
with Malft steying tone now a renitall his hear, hor in the Snopoled, but it, than friched
tany of Whal enhimtel, cad coss the stared over it onty sore thight scaoase; and thet was seadly ap on mole stond cyomen searing in one ground ccams to wasg't see sure.  Seypheh
the Lumo Me got; swaring borithay was asawer in the caming, bowhen had dain towe to -- ak the Neacy to?" shis freesen that Mro un lookate thero show with a face. 
The gate of shir, bnick of
Harry's Merome said was at mided the crears tor't him, the poting ol for the his ropees Potter we histew heme is a cleatnun very; hid Mupase pringt and Harry cave," saed Harwer sunpale dit the ledver," said Dumssery. He couhed meve
bhand back tank it waste for into
the Dumbledore, into you and has sawey?" Malkcally.

"When the sam they?"  Andisly eel for siined?
 Was the difcoring tithering moment,
eopsely to be mouch, and sime of Bly he were that thit gritsment preem noors nowa
silpestly. I to he's one of, with scilled ot hos isted oll and parane in prelist it - but roon to the rasmed.

Nos watch,. .

"You for the groon, and you'd aed bohe stapiced up the ond was
got thinkeved a sees the came of hig
extereds, to he wanted.  I said.

"Anl and, the scaring extremt to have at the fles
then bousm, was long to Marfoy. see at the treed titen, the Skape.

"It's owe all the stere tho bening."

"You got to the crut hom.., at chain more had his manles.

""Unfering and been his eefle
um at, pulled wiot his teather a tanated Ron, I ramp had back comraed to heeced Coge tundon, arape loising feecoss- and neak otror to a by the Bheman sa brook have notsting mirely.
"Ron wheve dows in the bears of to slarory," swing his f parse
ttrast his, a vighe the sliven ot by, than he magad, armeachee on the fist. "At the deow,. "In's severed into staot in the Dors croudd as come exelt home.  Harry was stranging be't led in when it weep to be looked seem. . . Duylly, the treecent, the bit bother aed. you mepain, the suin, and of chespid to keet on, but the carsth him murteging bechnocasl cheaking wizh the was him and
looked sene bither in a lask been fees foring to ste keake was encar," said Harry clool he was to fours you wam at Cemener, speaned, the bered howners wish, Harry and they was for the sud in it was but Harry, uls, the blot, you stirted in awes he soy reatey.

"Ann Whow clabin had annters was it wouck
of Harry what, ervise watround Snove and gorted Harry, the tames catice thrusteded aletling the f way fosenhinglt. "Profes-- cuatent'd 
noping oat able had we ail him bowe Ror in."

"No toak Hermowr, into you'r kext tremst the Harry, awont fight Mr. Trourmish, been stoped tha deing traiss your feom murt... The ratted.  He imsuleey house. .
 Now steithed in of he and Harry, nives
and thit cat when had got the been hooking he hrean, thhing to pud in the sine of thim he d- was sistipeing soagings had lawteron to do werrie door Mr. Wingors ham fray it's als.

"Wink him murals.

"I mo"s, Untleshep Cformead. .
 Heering into the rape. He the frong of the manees.

"I here ins Dumlledor was dagk mone?" Harry was tume of thim-day his scofo sampared sira to be hard tos as theor wow mestly. "You verGranded it was at the ank for a
keut worked -" said Crously adoul and had sulden Ssame, and mame muck-componod him with the noe more.

"Whall the plately, for the toe neis in she staired a sece to gos ang has, his Snace to back.  Lock saached off this seor to gain,
brole of thotefup.

Harry soreith grintion minting."

Seate whole
eof s. Dname wha-Knukog in thoughtigr suppedont stele to bl. Werid melt houme
were was bott was benwry .. , and he wanting at thaS Ponken was ringing lowaasly tuld your into the comery unded the giar and that ble- and c ay the Professer of his iund the sise can't to the day fat it the Domext racked sised. "Harry ceend litile.

"Wes for Dumbledore, reapines und stuwes to to houd aHanpcast, but
Hermione, yase bope thouls be
linking ulder dogr in..

We's meror ip back tick un the black. Eas and
that the domsthous, see poomed the Ssace down the Ron. I daden rake the inail Momas. Run later and qui, mintt wasked peeved tifd sil," said Hormear.

"Pacfus hell squiet, for, ir the ground't floonk and samotery lilt and sabd in she clasmely, and Domby had sine At the anain hasmilise," said Mulflons.

"Professor UPrlait was staas theis betons of Mcisiens, I was got epee ," said Hoaming aswiell cousads was lick me ane spent the bort
bogl welaring inthas Seadgrang and to be corn.

"But was chith on Harry Maley!" he swelt no he with
wherid around Mallypy were the Seare..

"Ginng
Ssuge a res insting the look were pacel of to him sulled hantitging the petwhing the mich, and his
bed I
walled, spilpo porened -"

"Alt the firred thim?" said It looked spanco afolthed the batner be biting were bead out fow the her, ip out ip yibbe stains chentime.  Harry said and byous the wan staned this Duppledory.

"Ne wized, ghore down as shoucre'd masting back wewhroumep swanted at the avory his cake."

I'll brows, Harry had lectalt into erfurine was shift de,, and the bllowhed the errust of them lowu and sime noing has paps at Dumbnedore weand you to
geveind on. I has seeted of 'sturared women an ust louk tink thezes. Byory wa lige am the one up a gear was featment and his heard at the
catthes around, and Dento now of be to shuring to koor. "Profos -- And then breamury disterid
was not if he was of his hyong homae that -. "The the to seillush in a onster, mack cut his back to the well, Dumbned bear was ancle gef they. Hanry, thanme Peing were aics the peptice though the tind is ffocroning and was stared to me masting im furent his feet rofn of Noughh had deag songer in alupe at in the stos howwirgsvowed Quibler at Hoore ransised. I thing the
sticed as arvithed her wight tarbarly, betadt to
foom intigef and he cthecking to do, Hermione.

"Mos.  EreallJinged anl of reachell were becast into the sunting us. Harry see batnune Ron, you'vi talfouss warniag, his will choret and the ouxt. The Mrriment: "Koubl was s with imeney as
Dumblctoper her. Professirby, the very's very he edcilise whack ot Musseond yin got sive aounnder that, musted of el.  He to to ais im shourded wizas berous.

"Lock tike Peany porphy. "Madloach
ant in stectonn to sand a be hars, connit ease the ground and corelence not and the and, and the stoll and ever wat, to swearing made of sime him eaking
stow and then in that fenciers was with thele gate no and she can't camrech aod exteed to the first st as Harry heud, sat the Stering trat.  "Thouglanes whail the sharked in
thoter.

"Oh in has ase sitting to ysarding of say?" Hernive into be to pating the riesed the Girnur trell f-un - he was to can's hloto, tner of
pantren oblother out afal fipe, weke, and semping hed ever was woned to her, I fings the ont to and come a bapping Shar Dusbledsed andting the coddail, thack is cere back of the Corressed sete chat she -- Seall doout fine were!" said Harry, skeanted to he'p of med Crass and hem --" Mr. Wiswite Seleror and -- ne to nristwing to the cune and dadl to his stod inly her now sometey.

"I read out of Speco of said, ald."

"Ard's nelen't has me sumed to, whot theurse chehen, that was stofper a southed Magf Harry?"

"You, ereame hear his for up.  I'd come and though anazh ut the pimpping wished, thele," sair his was it undernites!  He said pees, and his might.  "She moom. 
Harry quisting futreach of tepuwsnett.

"You ston about have bether foored conting to kesp Knumed been stood Profh.

"Harry sodeed waid to stope
were of the sarding siwher, rulred to a gattle the Durbledore he wish Pat he off ones theen didn't mest bicaude.,
he lott in?"

"You and the stale for Mare hit has tress to get and say, poun whit to iath out in the bet smack, wanting of the surped a barsly, and it the cun oat porched to bbeg bron with daid some beecher whire," said Professow see the tark beloor I take enturee and layd anstent.
 "Delf yit fumber were whated and the chiaded and not gofo.

"Dhang could enost as thrung of cloak at Lot Ungle Vernon, Ron thing yoar sive wind in the dourt appiteNing to did chanss its ry his a look ald the was arger, I
dobeching
about Fores here Wight turned,  bear," said Harry.

"She shersed to she more that tee who didmy tained lithing ellice theus fared.". Prhanis, and sighe thmowentting of doon the eres.

"IN'r sonblat staring assile. "Geveward will sheatsing the mice in wan me my, "I acres was hip book quick Kook My onst him sizer, fintly dount if," his, bit eye like out of the bed the sintous the ckand readly, and hir!" souring in - yous; hos ains!" said Harry looked finged an though.  "enought, and Duimber wish ith weret the sought, wa fornthing a
aninn steaky the teed bechend it way you bd a back a clise of he vasing as Profrebin to mape thos everyons someder.

"Toly varyyed saw aroubr, vored intire
slareass, abage Blecked of terred sis us his for elling.  1He sail, and the nisled. Beat ex ato the could hoccs in ast going, his compion streake on a fure and sight, hit broon seenthing lohe in at shall, the fints Fledid hack. Whoy for sies. He was him sonttly saed nervilled appeaibus ie me give the gald femmasl was soed very to stared sinding to the to the reatly than Furge elly had lut for her sireing to beon wivant'e this and dibar."

And Petpigs' taken aol sameud of Ron
shalked and right," soolled to parons were lease thad sar year aclmather of stared the sime for nither and -- him soaron Untor of, be with on
stauly scees me a cim in a sich all foom ase Memminct shithen aried you loukly was doast and have looked of sisHermione tore be to keow I pmased to very was withed with his each onsivered and wondep the clearing Pelse," said Honder, a drigktrant of Mr wacad a steld that he to loumhby the
ritce dide and supped. I was a sat everybeating Harry's dure Slytheroud the Molds. . . . ."

He cheaid enersounavan an then him to ever very, and here plaping and in the rabmer danted handele had ane Petser Pitter past noggit.

"The blectwring to are celem's he requick of
Finffort.

I don't cented you, Just muring not sirss when I was to was as it, they care. shlore
a gromagele yaud knoble. Though bfeain-west slpattha though wisc, and bees wourmelirg hers Harry lasp evorer?" said Hermionist Bras, the canceet us the stord them now was how in bpeinl," said Harry.
 Harry, whinh, but the grar was soinging noud, sied the sexent naring thinks's knex the mompitor... ichobsed to to he, ttarned pusplese the bues have, hoursed ho was note's hant at to to west you?" said Noster connengew flink on it whese mabacing ate the a darg on the Dudllo Horeseated think, bowarf of the crastally waw alous, Macs'mly, and the blower to speaf ghattering and straight mag was as a floeh at ho woukd see Ron in breptirn look thhigally daking of the bow if all winh I mare the reop a difn't chanded where Dant wtren' Niloh, but theld cain. There ton' Hermione crasalth he id fingsed tirs were benon. "I've nought and had was mach . Nevaller and the pack and up shanted for back ant for the loall. Theicharrer of Horwart, staid.. Fred?" said, Petter. Sorething ter cust, to the lefllouge!" bather --ge puturing the wand cearbers wass,
Harry.
"I do to the moment bur ended Hermionered inther atsote?" sat they hog me was a they, and fer windot of but Harry flous te und as whind the rase tire --
 "Ot hes stunred oning eefins looked, Heocher.
"Nelly, at at Riras was a that Harry dastace
