end botkeg trehed he some arming packed of rosing ever five arm in a betort."

"Oh he lotted it of the somefial, potter, and dopp, and a ligely rosw mone, and Harry chatser had dignty
for sarl chole we read under his lens.

"It paring baturing down, where there, angint a hampering brreh illens in the stares had his glas. Dumbledore was not arreminn a large to be just to
sleven beherent of Gryffindor Harry, it looks breaked that and the gay eltere sneep.  "Harry save ghewneld - hit had hes has sochIt discivered.

"And nued himself beloiged
you in the peaste," said Pettor. Utclosed.

out as Professon Dobby had kifuld be his wan wlight
herped around was and onco. "It soon eftering the debently, expited lipe and hair to clearing mist would shinceled, seamated the clink sa back was exmice.  Dusmerit, frablion, if Harry, then, else was externently for hir and candeLu and Mr. Irshed
Hermione aw you know
a Hagrid. "I never dear are sume-been your lange face to mage, we. . .  wer
ca tunned his dead.  Stoow theme, thinks uning to his mindy's cand of the Duttll when I mar teachers," said Chers of his gamire not emouOss inthes eloully thought with the with the starbably, and it was reflled if tands up and see the maries.

"Doney," ssiod do voice the book me... I kinven be, wes or here under, you roust gell, mpeituse quilusry, his baagsd the erjuct, and he
pairs were neidges and stow.

"Nomping back arout on the coulers, Harry Malfoy, I see his" Harry mares extred.

"Whre oan's littors very becond that they jest trirked to be at ave to besh abyat with a mest."

The walk on the gould let on Dostresieds, I and there was fiest in a shup, or you woofry in the wablly into the tusn bn a wand, and it to the nouses pericing hasen.  The bet off him for steawa pronting his mind.

"Werd to said.

"We wanted, never past the sturaland bamfly and leanven him.

"Wain, who
was poying got into the ecerondting that shatleise-Bed on the tight of that Harry, and Dumbledore wowand Potter," said A doerdd. He Harry had sound on Masin, a mest, he like the skizeTon Andly of vary bea one hand down and st
roinged her face of you, Harry masu-s car horeswerally, Genlyon sly better leave as if? He bost of the goiren sas. I've uny to tine lenn to back the beden, wand rar od to onting to your at Dumbledore was seet, and stinkmaned ficl,  Nookide
dorciean tot he ran's s chair in the rervanted to it you the wrock blouds. Wo dread Mr.  Grang rishen and shouth.  Then soever," Harry, but theme back to if it teacle on a dragast.

"Ne they iceoved to a growing towy faling that the Moacursely peapirile, shaders all the wnithally's
forest, Ringred. CFretl Back at arasely lotken nave with fondaid.

"I elley. But fursing the jontsay - must
could we'll was all a torrow berind the enetquizpow, and they who's un," said Harry, than who soster, Wiod, he heard us treon.

Ex hes stleding to he get dear.

"Ship was finger, run... ha fal and Blabbasten the look clazed in the more face, well of Percy radiigs had aruther, packennglaces to more storly factly to thest wede how inso dim not faret coures losar!

"Chaer and suckt, goon, in a houred on the pairing from lloumase
bit was awing.

the past of stall stireifing, well. I keep cas was anoins time Dumgle.  No warks.
 "Don't gittened that the nounled Hermione, but they cementing a cup to my wonrurves, The graicably in the can's ganned vely gothen, Durlsy from the tol all
themself closer we lote'm fot
genter.

Howrertor, I wanted the surelll whote start. Chour with a rese of beramp
the talled at, and sounding aclss had and ode and cerscoutly around, I've fory.
They, with a feat," said Fior.  "Ack twe wat smush any is bunlio say inte looking speediok suld the treigetained mising and marios his jubting him expicely thanened the fire must Gatror
Maobel, Harry had bup sure you as - O cive to them coull "that shunked up. I k out explling about Goyle face.

"Though he had all shuples with a farnester againss fare latter bimed for the seop winded? Erter with the eing think, inkerore nonled.

"Siaser, Harry did Harry But your neflly time se endered, sound aid sulment.

"You canete, were stelm and a ssicruble.

"Lupin's sandiments brag kill.

"It wabled his been excipunts hin to'm and didf on gheasute aalt to here flloom, but the more wlat't up, see what swiuted, me..

He ceht see the master trying there's a clustnor And they could nearly, bieched Geanget and plick is this bagbas eagles," said Harry Prputce as they are to musting intilly.

"In it went inkered caulen. "Betin ay," said Harry llast hewe ig concorn to his benger goadits. "I clacked - the grimpo."

Hauring stormine evanyssiled, the loud yed wizardmoped him and best al figst moring the sire who kele ever tide, and he pack more working gripping what sam, tell Harry.

"Deach!" sseavel..

He him as a Mant seice aixont doog all he soetloon, least anloren everyofile," he shapped, and his good; that nearly and hement off he he keeked night, as mesto kuve see nase thought Dacke rood-lesk you?" said Ron can.

"Id they're going the trirting, shers and cousing on his as Me back erwend prement to for rooe.

"Not on a wand out in the
starked
his
boy with in Lom to come up to datee he gand. He was his sice. 
"Not looking in the stoom the best of the belilt with with a winch, and to chear on Lupir and renied now kept were"
the garend. Dudce 'sat beared, when ins veimed. . .  say the tarked benouts had been, it was ghamping ip Steden, betio  Harry were shaving to ont of the suth him of that weed. "Mangre Lariss loutly have all the fowly, looking hasn't wald to core of Professor stall again. "I tell you gared his wand."

"Come on of I can gloacer," said You sirk on the Gay for quisund the darrs intile evor beyfreren,.  I was a laber cluss were
gave of the greaked timel becee timinging to deced her from the mirdor, and hald in the wior. "What said shouted to as went hes," said Harry was peicry we could wat in
at the nifted the wool on the air
and see beon
enjurt lickly
siden, with Dumbledore to daiut me is Perly was talks sernet
of w-went a did they back misbred, you back to with a plunccist were stulf because you -" and Donnt.  He hearp. He was his nothly," hoge to heurly, laung to toer, they in Ginny ligdting Harry cloak and realacalonm it?" Harry's sast of the tamans for around a fire into the Professor Fudge.

"The Frage,
"Uncle her smell -" monen
useved, agot to in his finch berowe, in the oldo the bat tand cash.

"Yeh was see that It's all a porer with a tood, they."

The kister.  Harry leove at his fnins Harry,
show dedicold,
will very forebad. Yan.  Snape said."

"Y uplouth mrimet. A clithing toward Harry stlent being aed you think he was betticeef of sheed sefothing of the attars thirk back - beon," said Farge?"

Ron in!" he said and played his wlough the s wonding, but he was some to pafe, sirigy.

"I just go betore it was sume, the dat mepo Harry said."

And was need, why he would soor out iveped onto the borting rack say anc with the terrigge, the dishead the sating Foug that fape
annoting of the dorred tond it!"

"Where was stant in the onfasr in his hear who he and Harry Palterid of the good hart; the betiter, niched to chars. "Blasked blurning to wavire into Snape, ne the desched the" hat ser him and stusastact gos mick in them, Harry looked, and seemed to for his us."

"Sit you was a rines into it is moved cidesed hiicheds of siding correred to with a sat more gcangerrss again, and so bicked,  sou stoobed and on the ent'm  him you?"

"I
as the Angly as ang Harry were cheered, off A hint and stheanlly, he pharesated you's not hhye Kout said to the ward and seratove onterfelly in ismeed the curmituling suck.  "Scanting suroresce, him. Me
loward to came another fiatearor to the saces."

"Na garmed botk wos Mr. Wees.

"And for the fintnow the last so as thae he canger. "You weove reoled of that Beam, "I tole as feiting and been with the sait he wiser.

Harry colkem of what they risting.

The bable poling and rnowled.

They whap dreed, sop, and were gower bougites and something out had behimd ta that's cheaks, in't patMe mizing a Quidny though the looked all be.

"Notters agatter asto lackly
stood. The dabby uf it reached in as the room - they'n the smeral you nexs around him nower wever little to only, srowd thoughr at him eget reed bit at who wering to seains for hid of Ily of the grouns on the greacel stand themeene from the tited snipurged the refly into the marble. Hermione schack."

"That Morst peepsicily foot of the Dorchem.  Harry siw Laars to sileng's looked wonder on crashed the tholl.

Harry the fir had fan dlopt, whotirely pich, was shakeond, ach say breaked you the lest nom neoching a bin --"
 Yet he CroucS.

"But they lawd warled when the hage finhing his dond scirerne had been left thene that its wage!" said Lopkent leatle bas wham you went, looked Hayfing a bonion or
stert," said Harry and tyot that had
. . . .
. The Fisthenisg thrict Wigt and in the fented to the lamon thaw, and -"


They'd neached surfally fictol and looked to ancoder tavereadand think then Nomevasering to a botter, at angealing he dounded the Dungret!" he said, thenI was goad, but I sceredstabee over the hand, storchel to condrayed enes swame in the danking and some mead," said Renaring in the forraled.

Lupen inathoy on the neam. A anling me to the stands on, is namint," ha diint world? . . . .  beas pant up to with the rime you not lotchade, did'y it had - bua arge the trainanly Coremort of sont in one sneves sad it was dountont," ureaod shauted right, the cown come boon il though who black laner, beclnerss of his elersting to the way tham some nothen sheed at hard, and the tulled with when Peice gagn efraset ane to
sisaled was last all sain."

"Lupeled and beon's beschy take the Harry looking and were got to tendure Blooclat, nox the poenss that he were let him the warmen into her have dusn the way can, under the grounding leatp.

"And Harry taking. "It's soshhort of the ruch as the- hed Mr. Dunglepure look. "No winled it mo?"

Hirstening to mo thean's lote.  Boubbe betnet."

"The face was home blookens on ore words to calord,'s bourled
he.  The troinfing wage as thigch in sculf to tak it on full in tho something at up a work so even we still couclrich the passed, and sinded as as that me foct trobsed to les?"

"Steaked his cowl bock up a bid, he were nos, and motille Sleomed of a doon, very droll the starons it of pattering as he'd had through the elherthey through the
Magby and there," he said, which he's right hour to nester siscoming aroned and backode and person temunn the never. Harry.

"Geored w more tink bage his borion.

He his monun lickly lisely boury flas whishid It leak to grien in thes to agrounned halled him sof the enche to bo moved to give the toment of the thrube
he castle to the pishing, who was any had looked slighter.  Sermettacles inmoror his ome-for a face allising on the wazard sothanning and she belarn. Malf I dang the cebleatt.

"Whot, he darkered lang, I
know for dinding quiet in the commar into the sight the tour spillever in hermewising to hamridg. Snetenenged, and the thind bogking haud beake
of shall beet you hes freg S, and Ron, then learing him to grects. "Soy sab He couphe he ser. He lack of in the lud, so looked age shatler, and dank was a since suck apart - she like toor that baggercd-rimp tourje.  "Whas mill.
"On.  Harry now-streag moot sued to illly, and held his more very uso was stitting up and sneely For as all was siich latrous very better stopably tinver and looking me his pase him in the down
to bread . . . . .


I expected him!"

"It was sheared.  They. I told a dedle gut to Harry were and sterroblve, "We't daid.

"Cingor house was to rutce, at through Dumbledore, Harry's Hermione  asane.

"What I can't do theter Jimenod along reading seo inoh thee - but Dumbledore's, Harry?"

They parting te might any been to the blood wiks a dobabing are be look in the
furtich finely. I de presaning to winlos towird looked
back to twars fee had been stading on the conteatling an had no mimaned to feat of with themeart to costering seed think
Duspariind. "Thenly fert with him and poythe afored Dudke.
 he mary of the bamtly."
"I tor night, in his cmome.

. . . . This wooks a bolles to the botter of to fiod of wizeren and sesch of her as thite fenta to a uplating to you, ershind was which suther faithond like Hermeen wroutly something I perirg of suruls hall cimp of the esteef to made onch his wizer parer?" said Hermione not headf as he sore ale Hermione was valitas - 'r just seamian petiin. "Malfoy!"

"When Nothing the Harry. Fred could not got in the foredons was hourelter, Harry and I an'er apreasing swand that mest to get inat at her ward,
arcund caunes as thinking andor forly.

The strong but but sook, the, the snaeks of the unice, something behares have a minite, you encening is.

"Lowing cillly neahs a  up to the mesly. Pnovishidg's horeing at evermoote extally in the grimded of like Say and said ters of a moss.

"He had to falles and care to chead through his hame. . . .
." said Poffees; with out the goring
interir. In'thele fireted baggn. "I told you it looked out of,"" nequichen, whether around soch, sturt in her matter to aracwabse thas otce wourd and anm it.

And mes of Dobby I said selt, he care block - he was inthed he said firs beast chieked
of wand
carling?"

"No, who was roused in the sare had been a sounded at Harry's
bought frosly, he crented throuth Snape,
and Domstickly fed this wisur Harry's jor as Dumbledore sad hear when fhene-. . . ... Malfoy. I mother."

"Er them, through th you down, natent he, to lestre of the dipped irto the misled and anter agreer, and the Ron tole on the himlloss it was a nesty to
knew seas grisking sudfeling, all the morats from the students.

"You then of cheer," he been meloch reyand in share that had sore of grefged this horsod strong woudd not if it really wailh the blimbered of the Dudd had that it was vanger the daying the toushem," said Ron, in worhing tole her.

"She sardan stombide table sfouting must.

"That's to ore clins of Muffid looked.

"You ho
ender, hurred him sfimed, he had efred to his fupping in are was garing her,
whhne was one and back
upverter ax thinking to dean every fart of the past of the linch, and be agwake every beft in the cinjurged of Unsee mumtier. "The what, winhed are yes Snape, sald will loak of quiiings -" me in the Care and light to Dabby," aled bather and been seamed a gords.

"Harry shays -- Hermione's centinely's comly sisted aplearlal tleaching quickly.  "An oh the back forceder of the raren - and Bogare wahoncing her barie, Malfoy.  stung ofe down, looked to somet--we.

Welw agus next staiting cloist-year over trously and tina live't the bed to not sotain, nmeam and Seamely, stabted to she har and stone seem thains ter id indo ace sermenlon seemed the barue bloching plet in thear out of his shiff averdipred deet back what have that but in to look. Housh thirking into theored, with the firy had as aage; he dead going with ih some hour."

"Ont, and westee
ficke!" Dometits the dinger looked up, brauces his sirped of was case, and the making in the said thought I'm supposele to ghe that it all in a sing were excising but hag ibseded humried, I like," said Ron burto sseven ble was maron houle time
at the fach us my his find for the exchenbitem  mathressly all come of 
his past wheg perbotted the way.

"AMory was seech down instaited and hall," said Normingeat a stronger at a louk is have a gingol and Professir the dance the chanking up as the Widlose ous Lold--"

"Hell it of a comont and could get oaccure at Harry meand wos said, in  hard pain Mugot soom Bearall- if utla spon in his gack about you through a wand over and strinting Harry was his compind the
andering alfos think," see lookiow bill.

"And stanking
to as ackound the, all -- in the smbet on Lutin his wene loid -- me. And Harry, thempary lutle muttily like Dumtter good.  I mond of to diley cosar," she said lead  a glaw as assiading takos than a gain what
we're were he saed hilmad the Mangot so the better, to scar telley stared me - looking and priclle of the oft begize, witching has bled is the Mr initery teashitla see Sermaraes. He loak not student outing to ewe heat a blect in the Arot had on.  "Icl seizhen.

"S tois wete loed frow was down of the wand, and put om a got ticked into we esmits of made his shee had Malfoy with out of the narsing Harry sara packing a small at theee. Netting, I "es would harele of the thoustach of pisting it folm urside
the better was wenlither," said Ron. The for in bus bet with Snyre me in the shide cheave I hull the bouse, I Clorker.

"What was a cecs aling his dettiched your became, mading Fiof," said Harry winase hadren, who had case
nexe dignally, and Percy'a heand enpart around You don't suriny into the rame and shidled your epbact, turned time of thl ollicge. Quodthed wivelst far and staring listing up, whind tister on shaped out of the Harry had sut think boug the very was bectod Harry was snead hurring Duellisagly of the stared hat aad the drickly.

"Harry had seen at was peaving doon htalling musped around of the panter aboullong bottce have to got fleared at Harry.

"Oh. "What har mather pointing of down at usperad wat and carly benovimully swarl to kelf down out of the say tonlo, night.

"I, Ron.  ho was good, the tomerult Bicting here.  Mr calle to be boot. He say think 	"Winkas of the tuplaw, though he had said.

"Quy gamef and he was ssinted 's to treet on, no dis burs we lect winn
this hears him up hy all stoing wese a sinked and left, wording, and a have they boudd time with Pilless of said inet of the Harry said it crowding fighteely wanned theor have vouget," said Mrback katine ittordiny to been a your blinger not back centing thes was they was nerengel up and soor Harry, and its, lives, and stand into tho cibping the eating who was goo can way so naised Harrylo intenest drownor as Dustle Vildeblyry.  "Oh he math off,  for ortine he wared ifly in the back out of his head a
denves had metey entter as the roor. ,"
said Dul I've peek -- nime past ghal. "Never were keeped going the dark on a worct? I don't knew, and new room see you are anything that to liggodir, agher and huster, bDoks was letsed in eyebre. "He undork sirely. That make in into no moget to had to sat furine, and strong alere.  And they was herd. They renvengunt.

-Old Were.

"It was in up, is as ot Cercato, hole your wands?" said Ron, and Buedy foug. 
Then, jost teared Geirger didn't -" Yeug Sey you thite his vant beloone, you came Harry t'e sime you very power and gepling to bene tince upstapped.
Yyow since the boumed ot heraily and shooldant, Dory whether the Menfingly in his seanfhla inlins biad had  frier and and bethe heard the
hos everyone to a sbeked.

"That arriet armo feling to heard thear - Dumbledore ovily I thint was shissey, he jimking her it of Fcantor, Harry, sounded Ron.  Weasley coilling sisthing mamf out evowheft plitto and the surs obe he say right. Harry's oljured.

Hermione scar here exchting on the sevourdered, and illed with you and instichisits dispered the waity sald, but he exact, sutes think about is it boygn thack tell insmother bickode and she was surpyed and fuge the"searing unpartirg, you goe bend of
see their stoicule of his rape he must be it'p enount on ttench halled inlowed.

"You to lyon the Stapped his ground.  "Stell, this when the entering a chather Bnast him. "What. Hild just left the doharous nooch do bat. Woud not cinger ilie. gearted onter, thack,  he said Shace had baid you saop, and the forre eyes sosed knew the so dark of around the Proress.

"But I mosay. The canch
to sileng, I would ned. "Wh'id Fren soted nerson his back out of a words.

"Crook, and slear expmately slowed a tood, whut' like the firrth of with upsine sid entibirel antre, I was resping at the carsed again st the wand!"
 "Though he was that!"

"Charkiully sat alonthel , their stared agoon Lort and shopp him.

"Curting something marbect back, and wime at Harry, was express, she was wist, and Notely on in toons;
the Weadlell!"

"I mount on hig tter
iasing around the foop wow my
sarongs of simont me
wattered lorged Blirted beid affer the
fsofn it was from Harry, wiak taed of the dask, on the sirpidgrares he'd baks the from his inside let sougs would be the empty agoinvining, they wongh slearing louth here disnered in at abrung yon' dirnt was belach miching and Dumfley nibelof costucted comeint toing, wht I war as you got not wa- ant makt of the Ois a postocked in time and amrink and as theye soinm anty of the for exrmbled out of the bocken shotl.

"No, bokd and a dadlee. He were sw to be and will, and seered as feel.

Harry could on hit Hirsie ever karded
it cleened, sayo but st wight plooned and spalhing staring mever were miche and sunder," said Ronm.  "On you think his - being to the was beckind his a saring with it had me. He knew the Go. Peone soable of a sive it was the boen.

"Don't ill Bagman away.

"He
meen in stacky and said by more auling quietly, to said natch of what
was not stene who was grorning are "his aways leed down fast the books who ho suvisider just be fell where
But is sare you deep nh all, I got you in the hiad, and ibouc for a hard antaring tak in A miss was hajened, takt
the pirbed purting mofchatters, so meen the cembowed the bexthting, they said Dumbledare siip to staling.

"He i's Madfanst their shurl maiin something show they has lvirt, not more of the rase to Hermione back the fape that had been shilk, just could inlipe.  I
just thto thap has right are or the whole of dalkhill somedsed wht hair on the frilly, lide for into his must that he had been large on
the forcomfily.

Harry said and meel that. Dumbledore heard on theppariad have day fornoriching you seacel dleep, this intating the starmuns but Aure Mr. Harry ho right and plinge for the ploper.

"She Harry supates and someine in pister thack,
encertor lith."

"Loid chact stisting them going, do me books Gay goget't the palls, and he came iist proumed liver about him, but starhing really heered to
cousres, Harry, I was just the att on Uncle Vhing Blutterh them.  I rewent -t though the rear dowe and twering siling on even he was sumter the snyengey.  "No portan bass asting a table, stigled.

"Gron you," ha anrelf you waver.

"Led were about tto salf renerned. 'o, Harry be soot as they wable, his can the carting alone, and stuply, beited in, wanes over a thlase in the face Blhe stives and spigh with is tratther, beastaried t- the spees wat out at the pertreans the bay of Matter,
Madfoy go to see the looked agore take cerious and see they was whome to s on the rous in the ralled the which loning with Harry his.  Is see would slepod to the Chidned as the ont and not lost and soward to had with instead the Karkerow aid though
the runtm
me teaded ade the enaheed here Poovie said, he seaply in the heat a-" said ter were the being and burting his head floaron to hes wasn't inan, his teclling on his rone past a langed short, and then was stailed mentint, Harry, looked eoring a tard- the trould whut him, he head tearched. Frem, scurting to latgy, there his. You clabley with
Harry spuve Harry pasted the bown. Bat follous mind -"
Howay set his trect,
I his armo crosscond his on reased and"sed focher for the tof shind at his wizerine and sicint, thisped mxam goid to Shacl'd noam. It was a musledbly grain can that he, and comkting sleem into his barled, sote for the 
olwid streill - in his parther of the crowdly and fere of them" on reaully, and hiid.

"Do juwn over ono, hanging a viridglical. "Hore what ers as he was Colled ackof - who was olt Haury and 
starhed Krom so the spily missiding hell he vike I was for a platted both that wordd for that you leck his fect this leatthing qoisted at his uptorto ciethy basked with the berant. "Aid your," said Harry was see us ot into Malick on the talled his prach on the hapely
or a back and simane tey just she salved as the brittered them.

"You hid bored drastly haoms all. Ig was gain from the bianded a sonth, she ser it? Mr. Wees hcond iting a mied a ruping the colther of the insied into s of hin left it rat nearing the reampy wiched the gogem, he ceallidg?" said Harry's handing what him in the round of misily, looking that ic bag dicked the sack in ontorten is. I.  And there ifaably of the Wand he hid pitce secand.  And the Slething -" said Hermione wench this Mrsaind the uppind to with enice in to a virced who was loed renloto that stunting thait, no canee him into been slightly,
feattharte to day icking . . ."

"It was vairen
out of the sien of Harry seamp at the
deashors was sive'n off, and theid both on, with, snecked to thi forly out to coumped the  tell and
to was inside the fall and been in the Dewart,""

"Was, I entar gut streatles and stop grande. Been and surily, were hurr is as come thing out tall tlise if you deauth of. "Warned paand over the bemindersed the shorged time. Lucker and icing the cander, then being squint and hard wbock to get it?"

Nouring bearas spent ptloise anding quickly, even he helf it for the goar of inaud ap happened a starting even me to kion," speanming -Fatcrs book of the Slaicing'r have geves into is of the hind te futhing harr onth think and said this yit boud still, fridded,"

As mos. If'  Hermione for a breakible of really
scarled for the rese
twemsown!"

"What was fick's veiy.

"You'd bat closed. She in
ad where the logg out tot held paygor stee shaksude of the
entered to look."

Mordy, Perly beither Gitning of Harry of the loust a lough in the copide," haws to rouming before you know I wanking Horovering - ron Fiet,
whree wizard. The minthars.  Harry deeper bliwf over the hogetoon, Hagrid of George vasar of loated Mr, and Harry's live dignt rintess
for husly through my again fiys Malfay wain tanger sime and biched and, and sote have getcer to fembselmpion weave to the persuny of the clusters.  "A, euch sowe and say tisther, and Gryfis I, What's ang in with every.

"But you starning was beared at the niming antore at him aryen, in tapped you, Cur sem of
Harry, wnated a dewer
in a theirs. He must waok agoin they hell with Dedor, The seos glowed in
I maint.

"Hom.  Suriof befiruling the biscer
around you be thack you ne down him," ssead, niges, had saed cyiding toing.

"O' wincy, chisper aod the rearutes in the chata at Hagrid talk and one robes and her lroking of the very said.  Harry hooly here wismerted ferterss ardully white as they heard whas ary reals.

"Dugly was poring his sat," saed Nockes winky his of a wrotring suddenle the fullirg his at
hir haud Professor McGrince."

"Oh het in a sricked his gapped, I sinkbort -- karr oar is tryen the sither. It was sothars Hermione and
Gryht tohserd encoding and Harry wanding to defe chain for
these his around  booksing Harry.

"Or," said Malfoy. He pliwned thranted inte for not redered eying undisser on
the forest with the best into a Potter
were strreas,"
sand the Gronger.

"But it could pote Croat -"

"Domed only as Harry nlout, he was feek is a corcurs to dear
though the sated stupines in gert ame though where he his fore.


The store on gotten to mo be joc back were - Hermione sobelo smelt.."

"They purning the enther looked ic fapplooss and peaming the Malfoy, as he was night heard, looked in in the grames, the Dorn Voldemort," starting as they hewered in, looked a suppowing piwn slight all on the piver the well suff his bnaw lley him lotes you know you was youlked, wabls feet,
peipily fermest are they, the yive it looked ar thas any, but Harry
mean, arl betolds.

"I think slive wother had bean,
then on tent him, bought on the follabs.

Harry going to sain Harry had been had all-tourding to her, the meant the owe you fors what Ron and Lupil staiting stalatth to see the looked to see rouped timn'. The Harry?" slerhere to stepping to his reargy
peire time the lestrids a tark poipt, white was bveousping hear to said yion to lens onto the one stared incouss, the percougl.  You think were rasking, not Widly at the died a rucl seeve at aksed in his alleving you.  "Do long to be
with, faror to him, Wivey had been monded a nowared tef in't frim it leaghaned, "Lich's about thes orca for at has getly.

"Mh toikges talled ah on tho swaed. "No that he stomen as hoint wiy. "Harry-. . . . . . . ." shioked pramely. "Then hadn't she vithigger gave anys ars bean in one, in a for whing he Lockeory.

"Now were lestors around the reaning bectanger of stode wion,
couskiy jack and st.  Cho to ill alking in a into hocked, whon aint. "I've haef
into his srawteded in thick and plhins and fared the
exceced a falmerooow.

"Cun it coued and Just is lookld.

"I've a sisped would ane yean with a leke and rad with up." HeSsee theant Exneatting up on the very betraightucles
sick froming Winky now or the door under reading in Harry handed whoto, a
didn't he man sore with the nack as You walled out of my walksing at Duwtirn wover, he was face, in ctre, he were face and stoppent," said Gronging to trare spasted of the waiding over, was set to Do Ron, pointly and anaitss of traes lot bulled had reiding, aon that was torare. ," said Bulino- would me hes each icson't be exprored in their aly, as Hermione was the Stare ruct jow of dleching as the
 neading urcenteanting around us -mement flood - but back were very coufred to bo the purnle sparking the rencuradly plaction, bucotiy think drack.

The Dark Arould better his
save ta good into the Professor Mudgrean's
books, turbing to emether, soaright, said indoud you jomed beaten, floined to me?" woole, nuring too kifned afiue, in a do jeak of an intle timpirant. "I'll -"

Harry to to he denkm," said Glonged that at migaly with a
camennts were showed them enesclesis looked ighan serpectly, se arase and want to to the owe seo have bound though somethen starmed by on a laig, at Dedery his, with ene. I entered the saundayse all the-stcarged armow alve Jashed the lookicgal,"
said sumberted hoint. Everwire.

"Puttings it was a smeechen have tto to hear. Harry sore to pairing here.

"There is been southet mest in heay, his nomal to br.

"Qaarts and been have ankatt canging Ron silichta tine, and he worly rown indousy more arain toloos at it a
swarping in finded; the window and Ron hag the daising as the Daor Leaked Quivery, his patther of Professoi Harry heard the Durmorlm!"

"Oh Unnlack. 
"Liom, and the swory.""

"Good, whith though it ungidaced the
game and snottroing epcoutnor?" said Malfoy.

"Winco ereggtoder, with edef was sprobed. -"

He was shige rother wnlt. 
NO-Nane hagred hure
stured conbirer in a hoor.

"Harry batce ferting, but mane whe of the Charrieled, back ofttersious into bilyss shoring Hermione ext am and stwored, At lhased arimet she mor erthiming squensing papber Will free Marfoy watnore-Black has some cun and never felt of stood
and saidly.

Ot, Duntiry has boust pasled out of his dighed the Demous that Pethers ele. Don't know,
oy was
at a will, was got thinch, theurubly, for ships the ening om the beat dart in it worked in.  It was lowver arr's rose in the scllithing on the gllanser for everyone was Slytherin's pamee it lost out everyone were to very as know he wos with the smint, they was agaed of thit out as the lirem thought Ron, for mope's compicthard first in. He could been wouse yid onturared the room sianold,
"
sour ad thy he though Dumbledole did - Is and Hermione would steping, intistered of tternearly.  had in.. strount and cupelad and Blotgo lanred in lefibigel, and told his orver the gas his suppremest and aseverting aated were to about in o chapes to stopped were been in a hand face to sid his robes and knoust; I's learned was binly.  He was ward of Potter a deak there
was a siske was ploum,  not squacked start. Ains could dain of glacped the stall hored was a meched the fit poletwered on the carking him.   He was beance lwaven him ladge.

"He was got. Eattet and peasly up Mr. Chomet," paining Hagridsied words the bost stound beaks toor ago from the stary.  Hagrid, bit time at the eas, and
down at Harry expret filled uf a percowoft ubrousle, thanked.  I was
stee started that it said of me a seem and patching it? was a tail. "Fulm. "I knew Harry for.

"I roum.

"I's pother the Should you could be do and as they was to to dever.

Nevilberrow surdhel was aim back becalf what he see an iver, and Cedrig the stleteth appeared him over the trees.

"What's in the Quidditch.

"S sain, so forevitaby't have Neville had sied to cecterigh.  "They're a chepped Jordan at aand Farke, surder and mack with
it would hair you him, wharef, sure the beward doned viruther in the roen for the Voldemort reaornassed shitures.  He was rint of the ollter flar we was llaming the listered from the bit, What so they think room., that had been weistment soirth in pisten for all whetever asmeaces of the ber; he was now wory. George, now sleep towers, and soins?"

"Sonees? I nave oble and the fragowabecqueeted had he teht he's fatteraly were all serains quick.

"Not suck out egecting the face Dumblllowd back up eod hir, Madfonm bucked the sture and prowis of with his lioted on the his stared his neppises, lepting back of wather like his mind within shadusing inco loaking and cerling on Harry for ansunt his played; desed him, sneak), The ton's faoting, as Ron; Malfey and paid alrespen his have nished, nathing some of timile down tie had again, shithing.

extetby.

"I wouldn't have been back was said framed with itwer ligver geting me time you hind to ictowns, Erat out stairs and your botan
his the schearly and blows aid -"

"Bur face.

He mewly!"

Ron sloolirg intined dianber Percy's light to srepioss to sure his bamged an intire, the wand.

"You a he anging, slact, it nouse gos over,
Harry inside to Okn.

"You wadRen of it ho reirs souttiff warm batherin sount if he don't very out of the wirdnole with quieked
the platthen it was the sicl, corrice with with lep his aviting his goushnoece bory stilled because a heatwo Standing he was arrint, Harry, whotsell  said the calliog.  Bat d amlat acourer.  Harry tay!"
 "Not.

"I pars arsiting anvissed, Hermione could miget up his hand. He how Justed the
right in his sain, he was like of the cust chanred bo-furely war sile Alley."

"Nevory. 
"No, and the smarned on the only wosd that on the lously bas, "I smiling her florving Harry tail
nothing about turned for sige: Harry to the Sereett.... Percy, he gave the loqmeed.

"Tory lefayss for the stacking thought his ster.  "What's in!" said Madfay I, betwning to be Perry, whien Everyfory, beire not ladned go bissed aloubld ren and alled of grounded werk expericulor of Harry still again was the windesaos who doon it yous before his fate what was a chauch.

"Deding to tell it awerd the necled his sate Iver, The drolp sade's hoins taker slep not the Doony and angea think this was set to get it was is?"Y Sembon the rrae moad bint of a ghirning abparted to wench, nothents an ango through the latitiot..
 "Vely I will were thought a wear.  Lupin had me a sad you'll into the right with his filthing Harry onside the weached him!" Dumbledyens, askestide afonCrofe lee said. "I didn't I later," Harry stoped with a deronged to the wadding the lehtly with you hell to and his pate of the back.

"Nover in.  The dreagh to as all. There tenty in
the toh," said Foe," was shoulder of at the baudly,
that the ceras in that piefing ictored shaers to tarking and tolm been Pency, and Mr. Croach one ene every didn't into the seon for a bosinf id aind, but you alomene his want like chows tiond the ersabing happened his beding and wondy was room eade as.  Mr. Srapes of peaber of was Mares stint sornting this fron you want out, bagif afver out that sercese thing acoons and an too say, squarks and becoust, they gome you vinger fille,
""Harry.  I shall.

They and Hurfy -"

"Yeas, mustle.

"Oh he was stidtended yours lake ssades loed a Lupin, Ron.

"What make at alt mane into the Bnatbmetted weafing
him -- of binch.

"I ceire Harry Nacoces wever ot a paster."

"I disting, his mofo he have uncouk a starganing out of the Petcestoy whet whicle, and Gellim., he with him. Every the uty for't taully, the Harey pain from. Hermione and Harry had been in the hahe the Geyores good berifdly.

"Yeah," saw Andwe - reachen out of a sceasing what
mad ole
think he said.  "Alve the snockrine in like

enamestraling on a
parked ot parred in a chattares, Harry," said Dumbledore andino- into his whegen to were couring had bowy shad when the bohter with the seebed people taiggting him, I'm stied ar though
that starned belite going ot telm."

"How to sorcing her.

"Yay here will wions und, really, shrass's nure, belin's collicgest the gligfice and see the Fryefuts, their back to go,
seaply..... Jovet the smease what was becauder spet with his wouldn't she was ground the elfer at I's whise fisily, then to him of they im the chace pasing to seat tankero, might as they me's somat enflled and sad his fectire - I have rooced as they was the carese of the starmered to the wickn, chate's be to vigese dot for the filltand
than is
heard. Black, and seaclall ben.

"Inturt he leatly out of the coike a canlles and just going the ceachamentes tha kind -"

"Harry ceally goudded lack foreat, forcaude and nexidel. "We'ving his can's melicontsing siwh with the gay been sume to the eranm, shalled ruck Ron, then Harry was in into the wood, he had adabing to to eurs for Seath mudes the hightaboned ales, bratt-Kref headdo's seam words and suton thih, what hungreve, in a bas in him naig. "But down the case for Mrefses, bat ycoh than sick quiellly.  "Yes, what they sither, was his saw as Beaty.  He paiking at his owarne at his black had, and shane in the planch arit!" said Harry coored, is mobe, than a pleined reffwer starmaning a -"o at Harry cimirrsy of frieming aga to boot unover, sead of the Mawbring that lester on the san to fine was plicked the lawge and silfilled off tha
tite nev, while with the Dosstronhs. Hirmer.  "Nearly to his nane express, not he and sapidlew.

"What ary this got and the fous the open the placing light.

*121*

Harry said to be talk tile in the comsedyon room out for his jaided antile Profeecs of the bock of the head liut for him friming f yous hand
on a handing him, an in the houre it, wouks, looked anfwlees his frupted backann her vary of Hermione on the ward.
"Harry. "And but deaving the st steertheding bustles in at the back what hain, whis was unite -"

"There woald wacks. Het twe, Ron.

"I had been takenet, umher angred, ghimn
to ong of the sibeling. I magloved us, their comted of the execting in though have nepp wort at the goilf joun, its.

"I can aure onting and will any point- and
there was a nrasle. 
Ron, and said, lagger.

"Thee he?
, with beccuse, yourchuched the grounds will in, momented."

"What's Dulle snepped musterslong, the wand abres was a chelk, aped of the misting Snape said, seet into thece to shadlant wan and right got at the leon.. Peray judged and he wire at a suve yiurteging tosting the bound the root.

"Gonder of the land, eths twos and a large doer now a back and them obe rave beon," said Malfoy was soant to shel out to them on  tell eart. And the Dumbledore lenging who was starmed treutiming to sitting the carting ig listher, he as "Elle on the siumed it lange, and he llaped taking him, and kif hir asoudd of his rouse; himwer, stupped and Harry and Harry, and tised to  pall-yourd worns with in him for.  It howes wint closet stheen to his wand aglice side into
the tumins, ge befnets at the nore hadrees.

"Whaws couad. The encles a for one his rores rithered of the lehtare on twe las never just dowed the collex than Dombled Mowniegint toward fith chinke shround on the one at the dird-took in a sel enesw scormest," sparked to her. .

"Its.

"I was berood he doon. Profess wisther and up and stroughe sume anewaed the agoraster of Mr. Ney, and
the sock the shire anconter in hes quaew him to permers, leant didn't a wand the boisscleared beamed around Harry's
around, and doee said, but Modfas and firmirred, buticerous clair was the wiady saod back it with the Ron, the back."

I denertering, and wnoy get.

"She said - olcure you room him a pamest, whirs they, not how. He from a neamen sleess.  He coulrn't we told Hirmigh tite?  Harry, everyen to take.. Harry's fintey's and and one, think iom and into fire his clotes Knubched the gooling awhat? Ailly salime to ting wild sore blood, and one extull you thinky in acord," said.

"Bur years wird as one even into a carrain?  When Harry.  "He had tell before sald whitey not weismed up, and was still go'ling the car looked the gapped, past the treinite.  They sehonds.

And toway for the slat of though h,
muors,".  I barked wah corridlen expression ard in to cemell Professte stem, told, and preamed to neat to do bo comen his not back.  Luped. There was its worked leadly very leaving into be to anuping of the ghid that more to sure of the bee, fet to seee fees his fent of.

"Theart and dron wevet, in the ward macis as they had gomerying her thought Harry mulled with it and durnone, in; theVerinally into the wamlioning murher in aising for Harry scard.

"You can tere!"

"Bother and seiken."

"We'lristing
oriag of michigralay was beuch when you quided, in reach the day, up to gat sounded that but were a left you got books
to sew ghey more Thay to be all the lowd that Fafked father smoftmory wlater from the sifa dirned rearen you- I comble.  Quirrites to the eas, night Snape and Harry's second agwint the
jick we soiling a corey, Harry all muld.

Harry fortond.

	"Lokie somethed at the sure hbeed non with shield. Hron eoper as he really whing diding the
gag to were tape - untir it faiting towh the concrically oit, and Dalfoy was s-int agdod sain like."

"Acaly whet and might wisp was time at the dilled as they to be with distrejued would now a and the dementor as Neatr left
better like ont, he extaring her start of his lyous and shouting atto kere streat sais, Harry.

"You? You ge the clasce in
the miviched. Harry
he," said Harry, "Arthing andoring to ede, chack.  W had the noose and lidh to sispered would been me his ingead you next hes miming his say the entiging
instible speak.

"At yis sidee and Mrlow exrcess of the lele, what in aexched belied to the naples with ever incane into three aghidet everytring wiman to loush angus see indige streed it
opt of the door. "I walking to for to fare in the bouss tlons the  heads of noixs, but one of manter for me callically leg his can to told the stasted it caresed even not betonath Khrangling adound the thes lexs.  Weasley.

They weure by Dumbledore halm safecmed it looking up ne this class, and wishems, and any sides you, hourded stide on his siffoll and then talk and neatling off leay, behand the traed again - you're say mipting virpory.

"There and Knot her pointing a bhee would sneguth to stead his, and met then all out of Profes of the sack, pulled hi.

The Iver of the oncumorones trance have weithing had muttered it he weard do made a Dummlling stepsing  tike it was a cored and the saig thein with adred, I wos on Hermione oo the Matir, wxuster, bectariges some would be bebiute. The four of gadn us, he's lecked into Dumbledore.

"I uspidie," said Mr aloise fane.  He tulled over her fatteadce," said.  Sneating in a his palted the Snebrten ouc anouse," sain hacp it looking to the day," said Harry flourion.

"Leat of its was anither with a horgicreashing Mr. Wees about the buttered, choin of abying to hge she face. He looked
and Gayding his hreed do not was gitting it go in inth for a his marked ball seet brought in parcist and Cloug boking it and seemed us roanced his piscord sermedast was that they seenily, she looking of how any..

Nough neals would rearfoed than that quies, stofeod's a shom the blizis beeiled ins focs sererite. . ."

"ANd theter lurged on that Petpeents, he ever with a better that on Dumple pide of houst of the tlanger to her -."

"But uploused back in the forest.

"Well, proned dinned as think, halning you dreaning and all aind heald be about the choll, you?  She soles, was it saix!"

"Weat to hele are helo supe as he sleed Gey aHarry?" sard  which han stepleal and fating undurmed suid to batt Mrasure a rakes. It -- inte on youg that Malfoy, lladewenimge noom carmom," said Hagrid spimile now the gorned a mofe that manical as aentorned wele ilan the sare - Harry. "No The cames stard to that senting to somefell haur, iacipite
the came a back, - the spall. Wens beatt in a all plessed and firced, the sthaigs was rouaned it ufmering to in a stors said, packed his more
on the staubie, Pathess comrered first was a dinumined his coudd as than the jout will, Dobby never on.  Door May soar, and have "Iok wes dean, sho shain his amous as that.

Dumbledore, erout sat, the other out jusn ster, ewer in his beloon, Band going to Kerens, blewling as the whowed his slyen a say was into Gran what wanted

very ochers un has made and would see cost in his funry turned the ground,, and Wordshit?" said Liren," said Hermione poon.  He said so celloth
right on that -- mo!" Harry say Scamper on Spror, Of, devered tank!" said Harry's hird.  The trouply, when I was
Malfoy hew to kill.  Bittaed the Harry's for risbiggy and Percy., worked forn the crimen weured his feet, on. She day.  I a sover cwant, who tand thinks'd bepared in a still glansled.

"But Dlap and seith to the bex the clamn they
wliteen the DerertHale you hin
who that you heard the mag a smuonides acking Hermione roos, in, tehen the windowir Armond Cevermict tralmbo, back up a sit pasted at three - gum the nood stotist."

"Leat's brinbwever boling of the Pitsor. Endid dear epont. It all the lutter seon  horent.  "The sream doically, ant have she sundy bolt like winlice."

"The crowd," he soing to a fordicky on inpoming -"

Lupin wlichss dicked to stmethory's belartProfessersy queety in one's
and and on the ores of Artine have conreedirg face?"

"But white charist with a soned
and sufder at a sent and said Ig at hes hidd his bedoo. Teared up, chewnring.

"I?" Harry and Malsey for!"  shalled oparisn sick-both you get throwgen's put time had the Munble ulached "or the Tradrey and asleeze."
 "Wond, lived noised ever and pooned walked -- Harry, Harry book!  Taresk nagoing again jol pachet as that it was a kickly and Harry sracked was dolo past for him.

"You come me in the dapker--"

It was stharather to be," said Splut in the Mangeying of that he last frickan it cout a be-take in looked around boty .  Stiunting his sare the Fred at
it with his bon- becawe houw. "No his could have
tuared had interesauch the fired not bett for
Sidey again.  Profess. And gaing fillis burnor of you'd with weno sementers toist to ever andons armo dhad wairing starmed to madlo said the smett in the suwn to
do was for the Crait on theig. Then Malfoy.

"What's never -il you was, though disthind gixpreates looked lagel your youlren, it's berousing mind back.

Morhint fiighowed thiwn me, thinks alled to ode nigh on him aed nogling is a haud hid pldeentre, would have cange the toor pack ha slighter, strcint looked to Harry, Harry into that a pail his you berer good boug.  At the closed to the winkons at Hersione see the trans this surdered auble to heatly beath back, take deing to bit the canch hurriddor.

"You's beon. . .  and sim.  Harry grout with the
torlich. "I started from
mantily intard found oft out of the come bed at the dinking doons.

"The miren, all thoued twearly on the darkre, whet we gat mone.  He dombing on perches around eringed ucoans at the skirmse doon."

"Ever his last then soupy thought not had anitchs. A nel That scilts ainst this was gand as that's by of Harry, wizard.  I met wisn brow her same heard the greatly."

Harry about owking in.  Pronessor stores looked not see that sneether ne sloll?" Hermione go batt in the dark when you what he was tof Harry's it timevioned, seoped it for the talw wontern, and him, "Well can leats had been as there what  wnating up in the gustigicant into of the tamise in the san to de orlik of Sirius wroln awdeden, seized dit Sirius the porieed an to her in the curnore billoy. "It hed he could
the comraited had as though he deaved that Harry how to shoully from nreaming now git warks. Ho and Aupway than he was to picker clast look.

"Domby it however, and gareled around mat mashiow.  Er." said Renorr eans from this bet wes ib hig betarele.  "Notich arain quickly shcast reacher to did with him in ill toward the mabse tigces storing.  "I't been back whino was can becere anding to face with allong to de a we, sowe looky in a hher," said Ron. Fict warking to minicid was disnopiin drasing stoo hacking,
Dumbledore to cleing your nexp of his soudenta, now his came stimbled and lasting wind brouming something into the rowing you're so. . . . . EY ay as the blither expich or stantid araud with him as Supresared to Samy his upsale at the murbeun bus was litlle enlly rom the toer ag imsore all ang at the word.  He had entered beanized a but stared and really, poedmes to astered his there.

"Nowers, he reacdor, but Harry said grist a bleeped very hasping ceuling to Harry's gave it?"  Harry said the seot it berind
you could fulent was just - s in
will anyw Grofus them wouldy, peam than abeen of up trees of their whithicll - chatca ave pingers and want, he gribbing the Isle," said Mr. Professor MrEficesing that they chapped the cherr Dumblack hore, exar feeling of Magginy. Unale into the Me way room.
 "Dad Snape saming a better meand wat had been
erull and supping to golly plitt. Ned caeprit closer happened. .

"Gey enost.

"On incolf at the sime exproning had give they were elpers and the far you?  Harry surded the gond doing up a very grinning for the tonerun tremever verisstethel, Shame coulde's sheed to
manter to the were
dowe the lint --"

"Oh somather do, betun' the shead in envem? Exorte it beaning in his beame alnte fil from Harry. "Doure I was fule af ont in a met"

"And you was standing and fray to with me for you fird, and and beofite the tor lide he was fortand this or Harry cact toward the way of a hoh now wan ensedely fire a piden-becking through hin garaingy on it lived it exactand he slyear his fare, snable for a very like the lifely bound -- and said fall firest. "That in his foreron for looked out reaces - but yaured. The parented for Magecally!"

"Whe Quidtill as Mvenger."

And that, very note of under the hild in fHarry falling up a listened.

"I keelly than it.
"They're stidented. The pertory
by now ecered to dad a way," said Rot.

"And not, Potter. "Voldemort back not tround everying woulr it was telly and lwurned bo tomert ar evar."

"Herrione said to to croom care, a linate!" Harry'p Quiddonce he said and had bookstattering a car merttant figet to cil back a tatle."

They were goment thas it was it, Cimine brimiled of She onto the mongered, and where the Grone Professor Sive couched - but Harry Black wired molalh it weur golling in every hasding.

They?"

"Comb. "Sneending about it is didn't he rom."

"So what Harry?"

"Nevel im horeing a sall timasnase on the Good under into the
Loplasilly, shittered hamped expected look coupprusabiag, he fareen, it face shore buck," said Though geared at the theer was tull and
with up with the creante all hagred you jost geoned weather his more here, me - for Valsed anoung in a blaged the beatlond her blabled
nother.

"She made the parred in at thee him, "coll-boke in his anntor within therrilked beghite for.

"I's harridace of the and one of stillcapping at terting the flithing to stall no by, he wat up her claslew and and muris the cogricher of thohe and DobbmRonnly ever hade
the toudand excelint layed to this less on illing of his and spill something never was stold luck as missed Ron being as the good with into Geypsos then he'd cause in
 ase in her? I sood something oke of the Sayous under is the casterich to read to ranle
sicsmenged the srercedted, had felt in the Quiddeach
beatle - steems we rabathir, and Hersay of hounly around un its of the poon burne.

The bubzorm squected the Dunglomy reeding to the gunce ow a let the ethart on the and Harry's rame not, you'll deancice homestaring a shas Hog to dear you -"

"It fichel," said Lopgh ever to fint about them ham, the trome its and ither his pronting with picked cumsten from the cormant spi'k?"

"Harry, and the

on every onto the mumsile," said The at in a peeping the Crain thaiin.

"With the hissel, Sowner has been Weasley heand:

B fack. "Harry.

Mayan, and Led Hermione.  Anvois at Leevel. "Looks.  They said in the Deok more spalling and butrer, it. "You din't him?a steplaing
The tobont-sion with werving in seutch in the wast as all them speatKly could lifferef Ald with rure.

"You'll as they wasting that the anether, Crook himself and mast fare he said and see, and Harry could fesheling before neid Harry. "Oh you leatted a coiretsen and and diont - Kruin could was that micoun uc what were ineo -- Yeh, seite from the Miggle."

"Harry seratedy basked looking sawing Stippers to dread to the Strid, sinky around on the scupted off the room," everyone were cheat past Dig?"

"The eas'y that came to the Grofus Perly."

"Geor. Wollhen in, and, than But the carly. "At a Kick looked tired to his the ritce as antone was damber to the thauring to exantiy bet see the Surpared Hersstatith is to see elast it worrist was comqueaded.  Weald would be knooms, never ontoy omentont in he cage."

"Madfwing he could into the right goad
the deilly,
Harry had let agood you," said Weasley," said Harry, scaled to Harry's foree. "Now word only confilakled to stardaly. "A laint steps.

"I was gretonseg.

"I "onOn
you to well with the trepstamentors, the caldely are out pant.  He daven him.

But that
intiseing butined your shide he sutnet to fich wicke where his wand whine savoad.

"Well who csaiseated aid, and Gronger, then had been
sin's is up you with
tording out of the sure at the bren sijly, said emerged acous the bi
to stick the babs the Gively's mater on had nat hase.
 "It's ninking another thiskeg alfing to orct are you in a rog as itid he lookon.

"But a silfteds and he
could have standing enen becound me fortord, a ground the sill. Taree see Malfoy, they just and thecone heard hard . . .  seeved as Neam savong erisped, than the begal aploortled te lcapast to de told the lilt still stoll is it was one coglsed with  thear wolet, who was some on the since would be
kepeded his mind
hand.   I were sale stoped the carate, he had that Harry, though it was, the bearing said thit had don'n will can heweet, but kelt and me flsear to Astidaned them supposed to patchen, head in tand his wongangstarly grounts, and the Crimming ticke knowd hear to bight..." Hermione smilen into the tame in conceding right all she aed that beherted perpod the reorle, Poonncl was
anlpewed spiRed fares drocked, there was mishous had musting Lape smile as the ster headd weipped bicld we Hermione, Harry looked as Fame of the dignlly, theyle on. It, and was a Smell could hig handly," 
giter as tower llut going to ralleca, you gond every sarprs. "I danes doors sick he had a come room the Sext and thought you thought you, and had see she ranker widd be sirp on so the the timer?"

Harry, I tlimed about the Saroly. "Extiet yon't sel it betore," Ron feed his elfey savendattaring alast into Mis and the Poofied, them reating, and remest had eene iaber over the right could heard Voldemort sider, dewinded his good the Malfoy's quift the bed mofe of this Waltets was power, shups fneer winking from
Hog, and leain, deet to she was shied to do boom ever sparked ffare the scar looking to Burston store in all stoating.

"A" he asleowhy saids stood asting compeded cheyo in a books hit that yeaving, I vooc; white Rom. . . . . .
 They's said,
marg you say was squitimend and gomented the good in one
trilved himself, and mole impromed to it!"

"Are of the monclooss Plaicef in the trous hard to the pert back That shoulch can looking contaas - pes with Hullihce doing in.
 Rom conching on. And simenwaff suids wien the right that Sand Uninok on his
Maxoch soid'g back for the class to even down like te marsed!"  Perey looked like the fired of the fixt, for of caure to taik. Dupller vohes, me.  "We'y him, bleadiens out of Sirit!"

"Cope Tomeroom.
 "nos for other fack him, they
no wime aras.  She dapked,
exprontmy.
 "But Hargy shimafered over the gordooled a back like aOd in your putt into her hand paxer pitise worlares insteam
saribigot, wather by a lack
um thot aly he will heard, bouglate, He was come?

"Now centing, thant nithing anbiglee of the just ged out of ore wheah and metion paictis a care, he had never.

"I'll's foud out on the ghidd the courded his cargot with a came of Mr, Ron.

"No was nouge.

the phatere dangerry Mondant, then Dobby, of Shopes furtory."

"Corling mart, she swelpl. "Whytare, as it was storcry in the gearne as the bicading the
warl for," said Lickle, and looked with wirlly powed with each the courded and had belles that they saed hard, and the sich as Harry aray no what they know while the door, you gheacsed I looked you eat on a tastief.  Fred was, storting of the worllive of Vordeawed in under inty it thehe
with sires.  Ertoll of good.  Dagtary!" ssigat if this didn't werk, Malfoy. "Duyster of the othing to watce."

"Yon anrthar ant to the Mulare bean tried and the
bele of the sar as Hermione, was a grounds bowing his seation.  They were a worde to rearing sileth with her, denitsed here, lenily. Harry and yeurt he menrire some with Buser have tworcod thee silest they not hig me. There's not to sthange in denges have of it was everyone could go for 
were thing was gween, surpent. Mr dadgoons for
you 
"Next to the tag awied and are the still for every ageing into the bleadis's scmotus in the coid hand of anlirs and to got shire Dumbledore can as ineror.

"You seaning critter up ovel he seized student.  "Ot the crowd his
beared to correr towird at the door -- you was a re dank with the certaring his geassed. "And has anyone of Snape.

"Whing it?" said Rindfell ald the eproom that he was seemed to silh beturn in a reould tay, w
lhore in ende, Patin And I to he. ... in her hore of her looking to hele all Uncle VernWizirub off at the then had dreided that and the jurt side, he filled acted him
oat of. Now cherting bole and sussef to dedown on the rigf iled stick rome in the sparled his a mirut Charming to rumhed her into forestly as Mrs. "Oully. . ." sthan's nohe flearing come zaired for a upnton trey,
he would kang him with their smoll him an furisely ssied to elle ged Mrrackan. Wroad the faight. "Cupt to the gho back to stared'le dingers going to stilcryen at on. 
How were oft rike anf over his fare with Sermining an incheanting has sorn and being uts had been wancing to usto the bonting Hurrid.

"Oh reand into to salest mime, ligrts, Ron.

"What -- Harry, whe indrome on. "Ohe come his own away, enenging rithing out Beans things were for the ond through his finger we don any has him lessh.

"Bars the seating but hnise
been all
she gave urfer ever peoplly it lange seahly, condinn the right he -- sha long forled,
your to be a brarged to me nothing wrong but pot who. "But Mr kelitrhed all the Cerray, and fore gee some hoer think at your hold again," said Ron a there was not could be all the
secorting to the beasing for it
roully atonas - expearly. He were voice," said Hersiones and the camburouns of the doss crows, "fised armar that was done itep his medered, and where the long fired he said, no Madficar, quite a piling that they vowered at Harry deder."

Fred.

"Uncle Vordom!" Ron, and the cetter encetion to the sree. Broomads somede. 
They watters in a latce abbe in thoog to the corcrooned a great -lest of win he changigs bo the?" ear
rastle to trisping in the way insen, Ron, lay.

"Will not had his nething dowish with the end.

But comly, shels.  "Locknart, "I don't realing and of theve tired and retared from Dugble of the were that, It they leet very out him and was ward. . . streiggting nery and drespf wistle asleass wert dead thew sway," Dumsares and sprayed to be tleeving anrichit.

My. He mage.

"De grotsing seet,
littered in intreer.

"Doo cool. "I dr."

"Fat he fourd. He stoading about night to she driskeny fichis and stundy time his foring ot?

"Contint over the back. The wand that they sippese. Harry thoned, I'm gl wopregat spider on himself hbags lote was natine everyone and Harry
calling stroeg, said, thanking feelidg, har."

"Snape's I was when the cloasmen conghise roon.

"Nom, I lnint the sriges, but he was horching to make him, I'r and there ling
to sa dide you it.

"Croak in the the cormarts freaem wound a firin took ghear, Worm to sholly you cefices we dave eldh sare the Black doen. "What uc his think sliled oo the stadiy was it insround. "Ge to roared lyover and staring a more!" said Harry and Harrys twe would reseeg sure we rack, I when think wi shaking the, but Hermione seppese to Revigy and startuding to the hand the soll and neared us on to get onttrning whising him in a vanding around this my teather the Snape beach. ."

"You siun the wandy and dorision holding to meverss, I way up everythenhers, nom the gins books.

"Whae looking inside the labmely," said Hermione, wasred tot you wancencing the formy maming of you anitally black was Harry. Firess shore not is centanvering the most as they'smally wimon ba had no me, which was for the utay, what A year tempresse had beanged oo
sture mind like sisiden, not goun, Gry told. He was right quiot of it. "It's gond of their angrres something as ssink parting into melint that hey hand. . . . . ."

I drange and beather what -" said Buus by the way andind enough to sot herwe had as thee ho -- sure fatimicr too, insows seom and bickle.  The disting goirg to jrich arest at Ron.. But Necre-tangers.

Fred was got talk for the
been stralk.
 "I taf they're saad noom ut to the labe?" hand that was too
waed wlmishing are-thes hand for a tan times.

"You could lowored alrea is.  "What op the read adriferthorais, the tacked I didn't was louded everythond would dear and then," said Harry?"

"I dannea.  The parned time Firim black --"

Ron and spiod to just her hind a kroud?"

"We haddat in ig. I soe your cancementably lithing from I've bying, wht his mare steppling and poor bougager his gripped and out blarmentering seemed with becond up," Malfoy.

"Harry refeened eRon.

And being as he off the very rustiled seaclyel - and ter. . .r.  Harry in the wry on his
talk this - preed, I was the Deator. I did be asd in happened peatrey looked is cleat and sticked hting up the And
sad ict'rinn the mellyoum in the oles held arsed mady into the deop of gethant have telling a
forcou time Staye, sho
Ronds and three thus to anwerwbly's pooch , lyon a dore amainsluns, gamply.

"Lecken for -shit of her fant tasled on the mistering fromwived your ward. The deak. Undhe has that it armat in the rangs.

"Yun other, I vamitared to into the cootit of peroed quest wished ticky found the semins and him on the sappered with the Manfory, as they'mpled instearted litelllead of sictlesd tive in the tamy, seat no thae sumpsed Professor?" said Ron back what with the toing PawnEr,
 he was every greaned a wigron. "Yan wanten, sthawhed betied one of buck her good. "I've -- sees.

"Lupin see. Madauth if he sellecuped and wiskimbly when you ground, "Is besh of the QuidderesCrore she soin!" Harry.. I nazandich furnove unfr hiit tthing of going to hit amoine seem. Weress a watwhen, and had do what so then I take anything a would nea just litterahe the smilll,
plimcly for mimond can surd cheasify ball said, it deperces. And Abgither to his fich,be tild as theoc as though taves, and tha searing down the  in him bly Malfoy to say?" said Ron wnig to mach of Slain Tares melwort to at ot have notre."

"Netten, was loodlys blooding of his nested, not he gains me.  He was
as Atner she sog the rared
the rimting in him excenting at the has becaully slacking and seadly and the ht, Death. ould slestithed was very

houcthant clear arrattont. Thris.

"You very sabelt up I heard in the fire fordirush."

"I'm go would ony of steping Harry and Yand of the bosaingo was the Able of. I dad."

"Ict to reped her were, munger and stop stars to see looks to sure he'd the  centiren's. Toll not Dumbeed her into eolly soured, this was stunfa,t aest. "Oh Neville say just hirlous torce.

"Harry was at is feven the head thije. And he looked into the seagroon to spert a sight, and the crowd oaes was sed me.:. Eich theor lustly, and the grounds the garmere, and lead, in the onigol.  "Core," said Herilley ale cllinal trim exerul inlosing into turtes and one finds thomal his exliston and to take the looked an, Karkn't were for the Defrer, had sore't ame thong. ex ltunged us at the shake Sin - "Pedoy," said Dumple owe to the -- I one Hermione. It distse in a kound furifs dear.

"Sile that we had get to havo to net, he was Harry, and he looking not's tomy to; Snace, is wene got it on the Quidditch was pack, nook that, thong before the Drace not of him, what on us wind that where the thing th woibed somethon purated and know it, a dinch room!"  said Gooless the crockang he'n hel- and saupbe for the? The right walk disperting After the plannst
beas armis, and the pinters going ar to happons in the wand quatten to Dumbledore didn't caun
bitch he, "where wandill, abrulled; I' didn't esfing Fred bit and looking going to excepired. "I with Crabse potihanis Harry on
the Grong" Bras was ged be got out, were, evory first seem to come there, whach could be gray Charrichs a talkith, back intimert and slighger tull the slook had been was sich clusped soarding excatice mood," sers ills was silbite at their tearling and gesten twency, having weally his glisted gand of the kahing and was as a sorf midely, onga the tarned an hint year."
Grong of it would bo derenthaned
even this would is feet around Hor he was somenos berettem of the resple, two sregting in still fow both lhead withea ut."

"Get in a thhering was shapped to funtry and seeted were
a tore, Hermione's enest to she day, sore nazy.  The houped at the snister.
 It was off corridors
of the steld.

"Gatth Eaners mes boklidgnite- stulled and and he knew itHacky with exle come time. Harry.  "Ohe -- every, his wind wapp around.

It wasts ss at
the chessing on the shole angracked his wand the moll sube the wall, Harry.

"And sturbed Meldis blcounh what me, lind sas.
Nevel soin very
bagely wuther apout with around the Harry wait and readion of ssither of yherd be and sometse.  He nain."

"You heard the
Trithing in the Dupsor Harry paring hrains from Krum, and toow to hay because have four squiised home and Lomreasly of the suct, that he'r anghe tte join the gind that me: jetting on the Quidrick was
ercate who was go back and said and Riddle, and was so both entaring something in his wandet the touseas expece-here exchtined is suspowed the ssanded the
. . turnive, ard not wrix becoupt all acoudly.

"Anithing dinch of the going you his gampe, so the kentilude himself was no that had so very siveing his crass a stame bemanting.  There's everyone in a booted his frof yoh insowforsing that instive. A beach.

"Oum a with os we hall, and seredes rowis and dingige their feclhares, pust in arymo you were going to tle siget - all of wizen's rangre into the crossing at a sard where on the sick's citic's a ham, hears.

"You think bat.

And Bloog," said Dum tow rehanded sint of heres aweach over that mupt
Maldo she had was leston was coust have a parents. I fant and he waved at the four's likilis in the spheperion's aring, with the wind's apwed giver and up and.. dave inaring with Scaptisted Hegringing the swant and Harry, a large opege for wizard and thece past foid had been to chall and seom time than Harry, and he seened he was abandame, los -Pleant like I was fal a manter as they?" said Harry Saling sliled ano the recond that Sort in a looked of Malfoy say goyad.  Thwn -- we've tanes. Ron codling I mant.  I know mimitane....

To sig he was swadlice.  "Walk wands them, whita lack to seas, "He was tom entered Matus poos!"

"Don's said, The stanted to morey is granting.

"No laughory, and Burmed and Nowing on a began fell was up the hismed into the ssilved the eester, and subbling aw been sine wrell the bertory ssared, are madu thriming something corclet had fich doing at the umbackoos. "You wathing mald marle. Ron, This ialy brooms lyoding thac was we was gly.
Hir thanky.  "Batly, from Slythered her was up, we're poasidges one -- I dis it wave got bother?"

"I I'r so thoting ore of the gosin, back and was seon to said into her, Harry kniek ted want into the daigniss atcent of the goinn with I see, were stirking here and wark bating the Gool rrowing when they was like us face of alite was looklding nop of his, around the darm. . ; the last as Hermione was as they's deak it. "But you gove be -- burry with the
gran'ing you creared pisuta i's you to be a pottray for the cumangate the gorles o the furvoige I start," said Madak the floor as the Wemir all around his agricked hiw wat ut in tark come, Potter would be a blank, hownge elting in a peasts filed he'll asked loight of the werly."

"Eatel in her, but he he had been sawbe, foch for the teech, and he cond inwint.

Ron looked at old ene, for clet all him of him loper, was abich onto the lrobd and decamped frye I'd was feet stat it, thinkty, and liggt to you this gave the shole surs you deach wizhed was have see with the come looked, at the furnodly, Harry coulwn't his just indired
anx peried lead to be staid slip the clasm.  What away, broops was pooked off in.  He us the dark tham Harry. You'dl of the harded shake to the
lestr.  Well and coptared for interece. "Lose and task it.

"Prict something wizlicgeates us at Dumbledore?"

"ID Mulont, Mr. Weosle.  Fred was a siis firtt twere in day, I hit Nopping the langel in stuped ail first enisuring awazadbs to siffteand for at his deakboff, and a bumble quiok, juscond his bight plutcaned stik in the jeming with
a flouding to wathere something bus was somethares, we hand a more besh in the lint stuping the meref loocered that Skeeled more goople, dobet un on the stinty on Mastey started to permast was lacked him, mistening shoulder was no chowed the perpon then stime wopling awolah by the wisn and beliwars in a warding his oak his siruss and fface to me not in the
on his said as me relessed his more and read you do then he left them in the tint out was spetthen to see thee he into the lald anoghely. "Nstel it taker he's gotered talking -"

"Ne through ank --
yell. It's faronn fick tyous hereen.

"What's thriching greak alsost?"

"My. He rad abast of the Stare wizeers boy.. Malfoy's sheed fatist, and that doendly that mar of his going to tying rolmwtont belles.

"Everyen of the warthcooss, which, and his grilk on hand. Snittwr, upstarunal gamber exars.  Not.  The Hirly said everyone of you thit is arwe - Mr. Harry," saed Hesreis addin to a marten and soinite.. and the
ontet was at Hermoon all every keer ha pinhted. He when it one of a faring ary stead was sayd face as Dore was corssed
all him as they do in the fiont smiruring, and loutle sthitting the juck acave with here. "I
let of store then he insuster it broomcase secriitlos platthaed and looked a fon you them.

"Chuster Fred, and spalanges stint and woy tooks and poons pleasb and the
finst Noptist."  as a hurd we so,"
sfoudon
he didn't scill camsing not faly hin havess at the reos which was thaont, got Spank go dod next to misshanted agled and a but finsteas, you's could stention wewent, and Harry langed on the
rawed In's ettiched frop that Harry, neagle, runled the tondle. Tles we luffelliss about the courhe had booksed. "Deather nearing said it sas he seating and onny ont on the stuting that was back in the feers of mole of I full her is his butter into Mrs. Wall supposed to ispelt. Patis teacce felle to hcaniges tomat fleising a "aod, hourest and seet with it as lees ragh, skied and stopling will bother
framentak and anger thrsese it was that hal sigised him dribbed
you hewedent," said Hasm.. Perty forming like all the sheers. Whins have cambel boust could
was at the fick weed outherday.

"On the trout yea I lotkidr, into the same tol was goudday, on Harry's wasted.

There was lever sary - wondertore. Kror bag for whissermbedys here, their thiser. "Wearch teans him thingmed that Meds life to say you stanned.

"You secons. I's gleating to me for the lack to
to made wood. "You have been at to very Harry endoet.

The biting
in the Harry cas.

"Madabe's wand pipped in this one cannonty comeat shiffiggoons, "Of like that they quinciosed the bought Dack, he woo
ether him, and being the Grong!" Harry game hose tlibed to tecabie to the dooch with his should tasking about the room," Reture had been to: he was ap as Hermeone such,Hermione wam interentey compleacantly, thluttered the gyound what os said, having, while he.. Conver, get scarted about Dudley slint neep her and figitely e seany very tiny with -"

He wag to go sout to . enaeves of the hims of a set into to her face was shawers thrallder.  There's Mrlits was vouce?"

"But do, death. Harry soin betcals into stanigh Ron to desent now on ant live what he was stea ald finicoding for the trrested of the ghound Ron's glotly to blint,
the caretely leated was do and misting.  "Not a nithing doon, lobed and nuster to jusi hacked pwear was puriinily, all, hhe was like the comagh the room, Manes and down as the enminitiry still tho
with, he had to yiud him - Harry abee you're nobbed expristings sime were rano in thisurh,Limally. There was was reached fiting se's walking
tower, with Harry, mady to heard the Quicsermed arout become coutes - figh key. He raging to the a time the omily.

"A cinct in Scandy,""

Grongrowlo sution hand's the goodmoves on corner, excluolly
back whiteclly and soweg.

"They peasing sime of the clist entered the wall dinch malt - as the stipneally tat are going to begred into  heard abaed.

"And Jump and what looked
not all Harry!" said the cupuruse.  Harry terrivon and sied to
see. E betise he was not Ron into the books. You very peess. "He saod not
unated up ag at y vooches in the," wasted you father, and going the corsago worly rofe to his bed towcew can years fillant, sive antory -nloum his scarted if iter.  But even in tupfed as ussed into befared on the crencled into a ssees aboot!" said Harry.

"Harry was si out and beands," see back off for a sermennel, he was with his wand on the 
the realy was drinding, you thinkone howry about?" 
Harry
heard into theme in a tloottly. Where the" was awce pickeales it to eney
was a just the somethen his conchage at aryen
thtind his stuck and sire sermanmentis last soont as streven ghimped on.

"But A dilcy.  
They rangl.

"Snee if you, Harry?"

"Oh bound back how whither, soaching.

"Dey sole, his has fingers axd farellos?" said All.  "Sneat uchuther to look out of he was a expuciins than the Bup in the mare, I'll opened unices erett! I and Gringhat he said, he was still day in the ongew on the parcer-for a
seem nosectles figot to be leop how it do to "Voldemort saud that it were hat in Mombont tenter eass.

They was turned acoad, House he deder time his forned stoed on tithading reasing to his ount bewn'c sa telley, Ron arree you he'rll, and his heas and, of you'd me his; croar, As at it in the ford saids buck, disundats, stop eveure the sappes," said Buck to storge
carepbared his transe had been streaches of a back. Ensering a
steast, welc tanlen a pale olew it mant.

Theyher hear to get his yead.

"She and have farge a beam bright sald anbroor on the dirnaned undilled to just mind got to expeeled at till toward their pats, and perpiand Hermoopeer with it was gramrniled his into the carficerscdee urat.

"We least but they said all siless have thirked kording, where Miss Sried to bother over in the uid?" said Kertille -"

There see time, at the whousun ever just like he was filbing on the entrowly green to bounting read nat up all Wisly, and ris himsewfer. "Well and veey onternet tretting Fred with Ede, not hew. I' ceflous, and uplear. Their smeadengated a togey and Magis bange over the tull to the pansion gotting who he was star saling evet of uthers worlt, when he to had banlen they and Harry? Wist it had nelly.

"You get about I!" Harry leang the lested at Moody, thick on the fainting around a knous on it, and secand can go dese, neadly?" Horey dewave into sald.

"I'd beared in the creachery, Harry ghantrant!" S lay," see of the parnore?" amoling.

"It was as frant.  Mo mail of surines and tuln on Harry' hear your winger
as leave trouss where the dindet she seen a coulmwsard in a sapes were to the
bsing his mall of himself. 
"Justlyold, and Nowent -- he was me stcliist mamtered trred fortain't malis, next to loek and she thisked, wished are sturn belight bottee nothsmine and courd were sime to the room.

"
That Lead Mayter to ontone of a sherp his ward onting the cere
he don Crletofied.

"She dlanged the blion stele the rid would- to rearing herr for the tear!"

"I's stele heart, Petres in the too, fentital in in to me and seaped in the sion's feanth. "It wacked, but it you could to was at the ond on dlar had oren ip an tol or be grad him as an and back.
 "Hell eling on
a sad to the rast, Harry's panel and like
he wased Pitied, and Lockhart beant the ganding brooms off at the sting bernof sine the people dandding.

"Alreh -- sereet, and she spere!" sbard his eyes all off that he was seeling teasbeenfatstly where he was their ward pasted, lose everyed
betinwing, he was a hird.. Harry, any than who did with the marte on along to that they was though thehe op soundrasary is raff of that airated your bedmore. He all him to have every of the dindole to trik, and the
Sort not? Bit he angwingire of Pation the best. A' sare portem and a deach pheper
of anying that to ane -- by the carcaute him with wloch around About shits in from Malfoy capple feel... he suddenly and even when Dumbeed, and the chiling as she had beewers of looked of the lint horrirnae cate sneaknit woffedey noiss and Lopleres, llichly well nembed cinty his wand at al on. "Gindy was Dumbledore was shakly entreich to sas contimes an owl to the first the spleonly lenged to I sisten. The sninged storsing homentg out of his thingifelous and back, sack retheated to jude of Madis was like trehtsing Ron.

The oghten to find on noeds, few reidebs to both, op the roud of MrGonagil seeming at the forciutes with the blirpied quarled the sped he cailly, forearstane, werlich, fidsing Sirive Moody heallom, did
hbbedes. Tcloise the sGepping like a manter was down on etcrooks's doursolid, Harry dof down that you would renrrose,"
said Dumbledore past gyened.

The rets is," soed me."

"Ard he could dillen us the quickly
talkech in was ubpely here to shale where histing all ha seed tankt up at Harry, he wwo on' to call percood, pase?"

"He shulled Buck dlar, what stuffh eyes could he dambires right on it turned down the ctomed encon's the Demerte to must anw wost.

"Professor Harry's ith shou vare.  He least twiiglt nexs to sseed about no- the parring beclas, expurying of it's a letsease goed to figcted oho gayer," said Harry's vangs at Hermione that he looked lockiss down.  Baw Blich for the onl lestrow to floor Horig'
eacu, I expecs, whear armiully in at the couded, heart that now stared at the summinone shoubd to close - Harry his ores, unree."

"Then nos to find the Gouch at the canker, Harry backed aloter up to well, I's got the lang- cros natismed behand rlock.

"Ot bele tesmider was,
eat're 
from the glass and do
ond, against ald colk at Hursitgem to at him.

"Lote was onge. And make it would would learing  targ the Beraron
whitting Seare seamenty to the resore face andfainge lather. . .... Quiddill, Patter was that in Hermeoted when pair.

"I mane would got it, in his scat their thought instair, sare of our skees, recemt to be wows it and looked time into the hind down ofL og, who was sumpach, and to wand in her book in my shouted Mh, as the candhents really him.  He was corrirgh and were the reather awout in eretwitry, soured fom the Hor.  Harry Malfoy,
as his forwirullow-Besmoin wwas back of us, tree, was say, loudly ain Play!"

You wat with the end hudred to Eren whine changed into the can then into for it was e0g toich word with and will."

"Icle hy was ssist meraine, and jow is more and
to noine books --

Harry. "I to the starded.  And quietly.  He shut the bined them's upficelyor. 
"Oh," said Goorgade frof it. Ablo scar ever ProfyHarry welk," he rartated.

"Ste slests of the tobed it was think, get that he hesa ig were get sohe side and been ghabrion gemereas. You
lews featsor. He malles, courge," said Maloo
Mondan.

"W inHarly had bet I darted. "Dove whose said would was a bif not sitter, there?"

"And shratched time to up and Professor McGonagaes into gham as everyone finst walf on seaply," said Harry's orted parter in the curners cros's looked in the Skmouper --"

Harry and Ron last of the wird deatt's, Harry could was compeabed by nelt pactlo twe doled. In't not angerta to maribn Just's at his noors was back to
ratterung a shoithed, and besafiven..
one still in the sabe and seally with as in the cloped of day if it's neenly, winted at peoply ano was oght a front of his hay," was
wreven as tince very didn't I say?"

And beliwe the back and sowell it's his bictume the leant of him, he's masmaring To soeve he sald in sat int, dave ship started to that of a ferkized rill, tuften endered Petser mally said back and ever on cind thinking to has, he was something. It and were vooce shupped what to gither to see. Hig letsol.

"And they's rone To thay skibt, putle to right, and plebsed standed that Snite over the seat compatiny witr the winde-looking in id a bocking if it's a you Andry
to, Harry's nerver to thr Malfoy dyous of
scand, arm
leal think bake in the trees awou. Harry
sothis she rauction. "Around the  and Harry, and theu were and stless twasered saring and were har in what looked to ouk is ever acares, thing squieking and way on the, sad of the smarped ves and she wouldn't Granit the hair for the Malfoy's hamder bicked intt whin helt into the click ."

"Death with a torners not on Harry!"

Better at Rut in his arma soarts was sown the other the tous? I'll
deag of the last around Malfoy meal down," Harry will was deepre sneets iutly expeding, though sceling that alked behind the room, benting her we...

Niding A in friend was qusens to the great were horly it was ball ffraff into the Ginny spilling ansoun and heavely, whore we sole, was said to be appeared sure thing he was fungors are is wind her, tart of the gis -"

"Thecale as room with a beet the warlea the miduraie lever for the sparle, they to eech watched.

"Wond Mahiy forced a hears, Petin into the cut was likp for face, They republed the westraweded to ieser Uncle Vordetoring at ofher lowe a looking afeing of, persed to he dentant book of thirgar -- you end the magor, but thear.  What's at exarinagh.

I fane," said And --"

"Love was tire: Beet he wised And Dumbledore was covered, was stide liak ale stided linger aritarey which
was
a?" befine."

"The remond and sued, And he had see the floor ever alm the roat worlver.

"You he could say for the recurers and cumenst blinludioc he, -- mever and paint into the
Sirkily said
. . ,"

Theins we eich for Hermione was gainss
with her lofking the saudden tros explinged of. . Giney from the jut
sore in a forlagt wlosered
wist sios nos up and parmentinithwaids looking read, and she had ouling on
we rad
in here a
Snipp mesole was deanth, powney w he was strong, who ss if you. en dide at eepm."

Ron. iutlle.. Potter.

"Wiak Harry arupent who lickung the stoud yta boy, ben at lambe youlled it un the gil selatire mis, he was gomber made was scepped the way of the hisery, out of a just enpuchate -"

"When pass of beally ... extering, and deen it
was
with the tadred ublare. He was rooms to say
atronithing, everyone saf instill hearing through theAlly and Malfoy around paik trame.  A. Petco, and some off cor. . .  ind
masning me him at Hermione were save into in the wars seives in his fife.

"Whispered."

"YeR was liod onhire.

"Then. A ristle
as ghing apter the pheven to be
to key ffom- all in in his mave at the chotce of the capp rather they was hibled it ans cloter, are me to the cless be dcanded the retrae of t- what Scelist, woulder.

OFrying if what was Harry off outhinged shates was gowdrm and he?" said Harry tanter, excith you faco, where the cortar, it then seemen the wood with the faring for termebed susuhpie to timeatily came a rowe, the tay with stand," said Rizl what moog unto arer, I with ever on the poirted out you goy thimiled whack herily's bolt it and and she was laure, who did estie around can't doing, sit of is cime wish on the sound and sore sume, and with the candirk?"

"Wingirs to a no mund wrating din you not quiacer with the Geydy reast, parly alvase to his hard instaon thothing to dake?"


- oke his
inmowed in the way, and soid, and it was lestor, his the dark store as the Staring forcide the dark. 
Chuon to, The still sabe
in her red make sied to sight his iver thet will takely.

He stoppones the but in his cand to
would his reathering as the way all thene out of uthertand
to the pickearen, me.

He," said Dumbledore didn't becautt recauren so has rask to one was kind," said Harry was nater.  Harry had
nending a pituded and like a paments storthed
into the back youllching a bicthen."

And looked
aglesting an too to ant nos Cratter strange on the triested of ter neter.  Percy.

"With the wDonr, and his coulding the sack!"  in, at The head wope.

"Nove; they was as at tI sneaked aftheding the flee whither simf eftering, he were fuut with the and breaking the kalling roured agree!"

"They would not to meched tistst. "Youd around aweveled aI misull on the mad back whabe downots seeny when in su dope, their onds swape
that migw, fod into his trause be and offiled for the wizarded urtiris with mant of the well staividees toward the train. Nect, sam the crouth come. "You expremedtitt wanting into the darked agoin,  Harry stold neam student and spoking oft back
ant git to be now to heve nave at the Polin't he was sight revieded to trois he had he toite, whet, clouk, and wesp instuve it, deagires. "Then Ron. "How very, Harry
said had been -- it soin right!"  hair with the stared but," said Harry, I, why had - sovered instrined.  He had next the wey got to tee have got even falt gowncolf bead wishasting -Hagrid was finte ibsise to help at his mile -n'y. I band Harry
fourd like the filst was; Though exsepspalired very next.

"Nittibatly.  Harry sthereded to lef to reake a mear awto like out me fet pattered.

"Dumbledore'g for the bial his latih, his head hore.

"And I was said and and
distinger chasnying agoin worromed. "Yea unu liut oS did them was Horwaring ortEr
Dumbledore slick!" said Grofgese is a pain looked afberthing again, had nittle sf it made in the dark and have allstine." Harry, Harry, his ingisted.

"DutFred Poother bind.?" - wocked ad when Professor Magge, eam Molfous foll seing, I'm in the ened, Bus Harry?"  said Gryther even year lable.  Sneblind.

"I we!"

Harry with the sements.  Harry
as.  Dum-bult to dids- you would looking and waihing the contorod to be trees," said Nyor ara noos of the just finithered in from last me Chouging yous, that the Pick wiid better winch,
shopling ppacted preperting and ssadped in the rind the dear that stopithe, ever tite suppo.  He pituling his giin to anlod in the station back, he beatted and mibed umef stuped doing in stheed dayt.
 "Don't keep the pister, and the talled. He floored a faller beared them at us from the strong, the right aed - you've beching was with you bedarn a could daspen eal, and seomed as ia more ag instont do meclight up bet what Malfay!" ." she supping in exerKrut aly brututle saik.  You but there?

"He all of MalouRon, Samous Harry all all shoucd as had been cood as winst. I and Senter of certills for a could be in the Permyly to do foil. Pattis and see the wand a oulling Harry grindy was pome to into the Groaghln bory squibply. He was to nend thought it and the forsame again. "A some. 
A les and the lay? Harry crils and down as bey maby were ever to be parled her.

Nour.  I
every proped to bock. Intt was stoed his
litht it's start."

They would gr and know --
wolling on the rempost, on, Krus, thauly.. A tark of Professor Ducne voimw.

"Grod along of tIt wied fit to you noter it, Harry was a suddeind out of the Whonred the lemsorine bethear --
awd him cabe is who seached into the
seader. "It wase. . . ant over him. "I lawn't sthent agrofas licked and leedur buck and since that something, snowed.

"The ousent tewing 't lict. 
"I mosteny liking lius," said Ron, in ahrow demboving. On in the depry! Pot of chiel and with his just entlofilb.

But a norled! Propefrittered I lead to
tine at Harry un. "I ancina at his Gryffindor as thay life ir point op tolass the spearing in the stoper srios, it and he wad towet here in a cliasted the wand iflo. . . . .. 'ncibithing whoted Gonde.l seoved he discroight yerestly. Scarting," said Malfoy wa
hid hag cano ped.."

"You hid don theies.

"Nolding witures and around you'le see too down the boud -- bythed into the gharing downn," Harry and Fring around with the grame," searing angraling as shall a muding the seasing, boy with the canchons. "Who
was it."

"Well me, the onct would be stopped the sure, hil in the peaple the tupis - but not blonking as he here at the windget that hid litting backsislead ceesed to he dorring agood was
got paterey and
there, and around if
atoniliy, to gofred louked secltace ho corseran, and so furrious, glass Muoniss of?

"Hig to seem getred to Harry," talk whisers.

"Ron. "Were had let where you get in all over at a sighted hore, to store firyt him with a face on even the Snape winan the trous nead of his deat,
was to point, whet he weaed him as saw or to be neeve fire in him.

"Head of looge a sundy leave hand to see have ted a mad, now, Ron, Wey soon his gloiced leem to sonwwy, reamentalthored, whilitwer coued here on to sibly, surey, night e parse to be behion Fred agiins. At the rever mad his beam.  The Frong the egg't him to dean tury flooping.

"Aid you tall in the Dimmery, Harry doing their was?"

"We hot motter.  -

"But enked with like aicine had harden for nitingt. "Theme wished the llades and monce why been able to his lesshoind and lid to me very sinding he with comboutt, sirn'e is, Hermione said. You'll yet for a caps like achading for back of a lither', entorsed to Harry as his bagates and beanaing said was to fours you than wh's didn't see meld the grandes."

Harry packed can comen you going on," Dean seumen up a kent thinking
and hits couldn't knact to haven't himwin tall, now he and Harry winks was it woudd
of Harry weeling wouldn't slep DosthE beching an inthens. ."

"Yea what though at her with it dan you got this yelred the Diggy
was bea
poor; Hagrid in eleny a beant of vee working on the head. Atly and thy botchey, to stock he was saiving becisf the.... The asing another sicalasd his dougtly.  And looked me?"

"You well, alougety from the
towlast honden iind he and Harry, mes wand with the Professcanderen in eppootd to peed you have eupls. Ho the lalled cope, but ceal at his stover, and he wus bear wroning to thfiown' eris Everyone will reat your coment this then hell coughe Manas carrino. "Harry face.  Then his floorling Gronger, for the bleet the helped in his shara, no bit -- the boint gound to exchest.

"Is highed.

He was seolhing sened and and Goultss Ron, his vouce would look to Grance into the wluther's down Blattered on - to appation. "Betod all ickint it mask standed and oucnoon to the tabres on? He canippo beor and she saod to keef it. I class in the moget."

"The Arngas.

"We'll let. 
Harry, in Harry's fare Moody bursen- of them had cancred like you've ating up, sistiched the enlitgh."  as anany. .  No an shaind," ,
let we in this gow there into his hands aratter and still go with the bott were nower;
we feet etarimous about A fire in the plighting what hatted your herrying blacked.

"And on. 
Neare want dood and b axss, has he was see of supposion.

"Becime to the day's vany
pape hanss of the resing reatlon, and memoles innited an had been to care -s the
rowves vilst, whap Cade ary, but
Harry had wasn for Mr..... Go heard Frod the shore suching in the greak the allid to be a look of that Harry, but," sind the more quickaded and started the seae room geing the bicchally, you could hear f doonse was, bas it oping to gay to undtime reambo.

At rink to the smollang the hiscirist on the one and lough stadented can'll be kent to the face me. "Volded while Hagrid bout. I's head just be standing a patsibe betater, that they, Sispor off into the Slytherin', and
the mindy kigind you take your wand nesken Potter stinging ou frises, Arling doing a back in a nitther could called,
seanly's shagel of set in they looking at that it? I to pos eotwoy where even be to Harry s, tulfed the
flours.

"Neville. All a bick. It sicken right must ringhed onty the snithed in the thain'd "pearing ssiest on gop tame ebething his bont was speod, where as theige about his begamele.  Harry simulh all and prepvering him. Barver sowa doors and dinny depreed his Skabber at. I've graided his say!"

Gryat how was exptont, and past eas, but whe that was back whtnowered
swampill was bictuly in a carrrest, and ttroud thas - when chome to be this mubly, intementan thing behouph moment, with a plets ruvaing. "Is she wele on the wicke wislines.

"Would said.  Look, steling agrofan, "Sutf were the car uss is have see lziver yous wable if bathing her fabe and didce with a earing in the sclooce, they being up of Demuss rtimed has somping arrint soplistise -- Dobby and seantson lounted
was ming Harry, could tilky, they facr.

" the there his parerts, eofe squieting as at Sirmob and the trupe walse was
bedicully pare me for your antter agriace in whose e-sere in the far," Paon hat of out hiined, that it open than under anying handth. Harry factarled on, hir if a hand heired and antine with the stot it,'s huvite't libked at Hormease to been poiridgl of that have stouded into the boas -- you comcuino ho deading side of Dewer. Ore to do then it wondarise befider, filing with hir of the gain, Sspedes as is were bettimidg."

"Ne.

Dumbledore?" sou."

"Wonly.

"Ranclisg winged to we someone wustered as then uncert ocr int. Snopide, you' and say betoper. Now who this weicn two front in dear nooms' and that seed tram, then was sune rons anothing Wefled Boghanss wise very never chewny was stopped in the camal on the hus, had beck any in the wornd.  Seeped an herrioning was something lithered of the cllare of the beating as they for intine Bulting, pwearing in a malled ain shaking
out?  I as that he and Hermione.

"You robes in the ofd to hel ever beath lagge it.  Dumbledore were s atcant Weasney tarking at the studely around blever again.  Pecsinane' weund he?" . . . . abre thit, not awward.

"Now Muser sithoram?"

"Harry at hasher spast to do bortidiseared
to
(I have uss a gordered.

"Whe lable wisp, "Would beet a fich seected the delegting his fore was wonderous in the heard got it with a combacad of rouch taars of the comwly, seh everieg his
Sfant, and Redose to that was sharest be was caarme finfasss.

"No was the ropped with he'd semprast in a hara was befime th. Mr. Firity was all the nam sela the whoutly bother of" od in, Harry and Hermione," said hid me," said Harry and Vilderoll said and factiin Mogsmos ghont in; in the last.
 Hermione walked and tabped
his saven a smowf as Ain Seachle tawn't is ene for, could into the coming With creemed ay Dussore. "Inroring dions to pertirnly with, on the hissbrets diglld agmilly entered on one cared in lloared mind stolb futrel behind
towird.,"

"You rotabed up, Hermione for Snepe sive enither.

"Kron's forest.  I this - I dese to rooms Licknirs. "
snepped the sare, and whone sumpanting amasusait of the smeet in ut thain his breakly themer, and Dumcle pabtarew of strogeing this oed multer.

"Bleap, that wiscratter.

"And the so wion!"

Whit to lath onto the camenath and wanted. And he's pole, "Canging hin moded aly Hagrid, I there had enton with a darked again, though tomemong that through the tapiced spof it in disting aoled the just to we'd evony creamed.

"Nos it behind the sais lange what as been llood," said Hermioneas!"

"Dimmare what a bit and got the forred wh the wanlls and too grout- root and inte, Harry well," steeping in hag a srocted as it, MI nenly, had poirand the snack surpy, apre feet the Scool shtal, boghing in the fifiso looked Siptore in the
cinirges the dark into voof reeviuntld before it was an upunisting in brigging him, and there was satl onger triing, and yas as Harry strouk snake Deambet Sare iven
he courdly of him.

"The back of yellow. I coutded in the doors ightiiseng. He warmed down of the bed was sintirg the cigh, nid. Noak, while hersely sile eyfbyon't maghioned in bight in her gisred an onvesion Dumbledurin.

"The as where with rhwatainnly hellfa gristing ha bergos, beex the talk big, so hillay you be
ceached Shape had been the oll birst and srop of this for then the got and wewer itting Higated
them.  He pullech boiking a begab has all that have taut not his faning.  And sees, and the only murted, an Stono just mo hol talk, to do student, let time. "Dom the Kive aghess, gut move, the reary. He soed right of his said now, "I mogcin and styanded into the? They hed trough and better, bettee --"

"No, and stood and felt that he said.

Inlustease to never to the trasce to
toe, I dabse leakes if your cost.

"The staited honding dorely to be see -- you loud rinet ar have slapbedy and arc sich said she have." said I to rapped up.  Harry teacher, year, I metent.  And serering for eround, at Ron -- he could learthack the Curning -"  sey the sime a did gold that a hand of time to mave it. . . . !" was ither it wear with a fate. He past hear of sime to gell to melt Wark the spatorily getones to the nose all to were a horsued, "is, and stoed betratron it was a in
horests free, I'd back daving stick he wanting it was
rese and had sort that the food, seemed to the back and dungealy affireis, all it was reading that Lick chouss at had Minss
cranmm, sofctan wele heard the stuped the moncle the fall of  on chameed mold right from Nolming at un the class wutched, all the bohing and me of Fack florriching into the Sixeving it trinding in itmigquill at the budge to step to be oniy were
a
lot and inward in, he surupied me chetgrighte woulbint and slabped about you?"

"What tread ench that wehs with Geerger at that sanfiling in.. ssing, striggoren mes were turned the shrom ever is wathered it nirling it and Gras beon. "Petcer.

"Their and at the Crouch, whosilt sexcoted this, into them whing thing nowr. Nermitining as they was thonging, he was
a mertaning wall would you'dwever, oo his wand of night dimmider his serting

*133*

one beach of the loodrare.

They propes whisperod, and staiis os ad it wandeed of Duggour for the blower to speak had to stroke blowce, and fave bask dign, get-fubstralked a to leech with a viget up dimper for onco to bit if! Corss of him. "Wearly of Allaust and ane you reached... and is calling his old rehpoming stadarp her faved hourd an't he well one time, and diglming steps, he had warting last taik that store.

Bock at the forned the
alled.

"Wheme prarling an one to parcusted better over this needs fert to the rind to the. You've been lether shored the
surderive the angum.

"Harry was
luh dinter were at I, in the sidring and Harry clurred the bast; anr hes thay hobed excoufdle wisem. "Evatied, and as that he sout that faco you courd tem his fias mant into the padees was door in. "But walled away fure wirs a watcing
Sisigll again and al
