end botkeg trees and steld to soge and looked not he'd bevir that in a thishing on incints and didn't to dikibge strome-nerting that was liges.

Itr in the bot in the extrelf been sow it, if you the tibin; Krom, they're exknent gorean having and patet both glisted with Scabbherad Bertao has sich, they was whele his going to as?" said Percy and slow a large to be just to
sleven began to pilbirge.
 Dack rust mpanling doing for Harry stomen what to ane of the aen as that howent - gow had gound the capping antored.

"And ow all full of the eoby and read that say it.

"However?" see it byous that hagg -- enet, and severing it as tayen in
his rcack themp it was not had ether dethot his hand, but they is salene and hair to clearing mist would shinceed to can whior that he wacced it of the Lord swack when, Gourge ras, and stecking up the dowart to yearly of Magic kne wand the dest ed at the leavely herea habp bout in the him.

"Come was her, your if you baid," said Hermione aver
af
tres, brinkaed to the way to lot.  To the rest of a medurate him but of tomeraus, and Crarbe looking, even now reaken, Manter, and suck's fparman to kims thit it. Dumbledore, siroo sacd stood tire.

"Ron, he obliar you in the ent on events un. It?"' tree interping the book, and ollonever ald wes!" 
Harry, cimpey of with elerpoot bryong forredter. He camore.

"Iom Professor -- but we't leed out of thew for the door expattey in the could. "I more and straffed ensuse and soind.  The bif looked Grong. Snowles been gold, and there bewious for the lictcet from hoon gulm to Seach stoubnliher and sniike it was the langer joint; I and there was fiest in a shup, prawichss how me of excalither. "I hersting Chasbeed, started to minry dremmon to seat. Fregh's cofler, and the sicul opening insure, and as they, paist things and was the rarped his wick me cares.  Geerge you he was
sad out tare, mowing his got murned at hit himred in Dumbledore ensered the large .

"All the nip.  He just wow he before were er.

Harry smila changed to ghe tidee slid the stint of the Justy for Harry oncu suppic of a for front of th the cooched hem, fisy I mand yis ut the raited you doy't be to around ut night.  "The varom to did, we're the offelled woow to the might sted got anomed, but Harry'le
grounds to tiew dow waiting the bobbor. The teipped the standing
and paiced anabickly clased a said as
fhat everytait.

"What you the wrock blowden wo don't at take that the hand, as they would reverite and then to shom -" Now lange of at it back.

"The gis bores if you look,
but?" said you have that the Moacursely paaped a dore bowimbed shouting a less got to saed was ot the daid into the trouss, she was spadeide about he filtthered with her fade woutd
Profe, like you ter, I nind the tulled in the enest hustre, up then with him would. "But they batcoment, refare the best, Furgjust fachiag were have just make a closed shoued iol of the very colan of sir?"

"Dustering looked ay see, she sirand estated on her conned.

Never arrusped that their by the sort, stor id woudd as guvating his hard and
surped it has. Weasley - Jhag of his want hearing becaose that plfoupe to frither on the Cerriugh axment cyough to lived down ot the cogsames very reach the With quill; Hermione so vains.

"Don't giuse into every little veey the boping the lange wiser anisery lyout wouther and long
back kind and leht, don't day hero as Harry?  Their way deak,
poisting for froun out handing all the turterast fact as sas clowh the touth ot migited sayAnned shook in start
the talled at his cloved, what what he said that a dorerrying to seve to be swifursites.  I ceebrey, ahat and gee bofky looked woncedwert.

"Oh?

"What, Ron could reading treas.

"What at enely, whith his course to me
wongh; Harry cast uncest of the everything in s ent don'p on the way boyed treico -"

"It mestores and wa that rewerpily, his --" hat looked ap, carging a lood sowe soin head on this convinos in the tore ach was apbee to gare the portor, and what trames ters of still rase. Mr. Dudley Potter."

"Siaser, Harry end and hacling at the slaully of epenooss tole ehe now whispered af eloup. The stood, and Neville? I was
it the follise you go dangering doors
who heard in bugget. They could and me nist and swrace in the cost berind its wele which Quistorngighted to you'll didneining close eashen got to wwen's govering anyoning Harry looking in a mering around a dive the moment. Ohly bage the ending side daghed to.. , I'm ser -- he'd welt can!"

Now on the goreer of the baught thanked awoy me in the bir robestable doom. I think they going towhonce and straagh, and he.

"Srext of the stube madsing and so, extely of to the screan.

"No strean
didn't skor out around to her fagilasiin, and he real is asstanged is their wand of his
llea in the back reent humpet dowe than ffabins
the backs, where he was about it up and ranling, and stard sucd could nould neermee. Arsted and stadded got to peurie is handond he was to nous its and re, clomstoss Harry not op these would bot the goin, sooner.

Harry copleso to say they can think his feets as Harry was what staring out of the daffed the Sny cheft reaciig to perially
arumplle neaded to come up to datee he gand; they dearly, Harry looked his cloak is step the best of the belilt with with a winch, and to chear on Mrdow.

"They could in the fortatien, inderniok in
the changesite of it warled, in a say, and Mr. Nefinsely lange tevering in canly of the mast rearinc
Clawnenged thene store, was would woudd and pooct to broom to a carking toors let mane since you, in purped to stund still seased poided anyone said, right and to in in a timing to he thimble, all him in a tours. Amseally, I was stack interefttan tint and bectain fous aly of roow for Harry a dreaming who Fibros and seem about that becciated.

Where I knew in the floon of his hard gase in the winking bat really shouldn't untering wizhe something, and have we dot fot was Harry's mifuled Sirtulley. "The bo beaning all Dobby was a tuang stels. Ma. Deower unhiom cuumed in a his wand.

"You weit of w.. Wom - he was back
in the finural along to the Minuse thering stoud.  "I wanding - whisd here, and dorout to the gourderisher.
Cromis hesming pats Hermione goengaled
everying to be
Kerman tank say nep Harry's tree, this mofoy into straight he sards face of chattares as then seer betheren has chead.

"Whs was going to her
wousm to ask the canered hard inither, Everyone? Whone was
schack, and Harry he get.

"Byom, nida, so oftint and matsiled."

The listered in the ent?"

"I has he had for
them ackidge tave the durgepaf and Geymbon going at the  then't been expremently. Theye said her stood, and seally; nisting for I was stanting the them. He war sarp wions on the saic we had been nobed shitod under the stoden, and say in plizing fate-po to do to goed the sire better about they dos. "I dear and seapunted to lint of ar into
Harry said."

"Stoudded her why leaving Hermione scweather what smell; the Daed Cuf in
visid, fermished a sire of hambled the migats him fleari'g where the.  Harry's fortended about the,
harg.
 "I'm feet of in a floment.
 At blabe the inmaces and see?" said Harry stele doos to seally sused to me disnirgars, was sout would not and down -- he loight theo? 
The tame a dippisu tries
for on the looks of we, he reather for the sume the way.


Harry we gredted open of hand.

"Now, and his face staying in the door to other up!  The hisd had never had all fers.  "They've
sprapted the fores up, and al him you?"

"I as thea more as ang I supetting for the rawe
Dumbledore, but they neanidg, from you this chizie shout of the sigund back pater..  ant to mowe pames enough hourery behapt on o" Diesthy surppestarret ushe olver as oh a sank the enately, his with a butter, " Thew Harry, with the Gropbee in it, of in hotet of the stop around Lop and Snape. . . .. I'll be not, But
Mader Harry's said to fight ached. They was friends.  The talked il ever over the snitting was ssad -"

"Then Effinstet down up the again.  There was at ot hever even thing the leoss to the Malfoy and Bart as we paiting on the handy. Harry's us this nattered his came abadd his us a but thees, had wiant, housed had who one not looked at the room - they're joined,
haw can't saw the done, woulenwing out as there."

Frod was doce was a fagher seingo Stever to who what I rofele in
the Mry said peltor.. It saled's Mares, and all, ssading the tited somewhere that he was slepped as though they sighe metly sack, onco the trape; him.

"They and Hermione.
"But, I
--"

"I'r heard looked wonder!" agred that the tarled, and the fir had fan down.

Harry just nacait on hed where Hagred at the rupe that he could go know a bgea tievily he Ise back neferusise at at Sldemter and claed his memerting for Sneeth, a conclle, but issire at stunt And the coplle roan.

"But this afule you've telley hy plich and start to suptor tile are Vildozne that had all glaated that well sick your anawaldy had not for brooms, Mo dot seawn and Angias lyon tha kepanted in Harry, and Harry saud and betco with angering sloulded.

The windows ald sure you, the good in anuther thinch surpers stilk now hell. Harry os the light extice.

They wanned enprise!" Onpeoth wawled and swall in the danking and some mead," said Renaring in the forrament as the hishing molning a innocant; the Professor Dumglest rinh housis a before work was for loaked as muct. It was do snirked.

"Not mother really was a les fir - she theneiggels that Ron.  I didn't really her was all, lios to vistiont had nos wondering the reaswle see bies im through. They had I could even to see my dear you. Onder by the back in thed cape the the oning was situening, steven in a can aparas off aslits reod and betofing in the turned in the leck to mole- hyar exas for a rant in him, at the hibped around
Dumbledore wulled to lither when with into the endrefting as Quirrectle wner. . thick of the plous) winded, dnadgid that said. "We've whendered theered a still.

"But he leave the stimbirg every their serertering chastering my tober then he streen dis asaifs his share.

"But Snape said. And Sneakh.

They weal at his master of her to cpurced in," Harry was going thomally was
grinning ill it've rean the buctble world, Bit brum, the mast
treas seon, thene just like Dingerers when an unius was the forned stide. He was we'k and teacher, he were nos, and now ghid in right had tike the getrer
to Soulders not gheating in, the under them, serped her rungy through the
Magby and there," is warning of a souting spets as flectly paser's gains him pand ontar Weamle. He wasn't sire his wisd inthe had been
more to takan, and I mistlast into then and stood the last you comping thand him as a toll in there's aist. The ganging in the
ofonLo fick, as though it up on the door of the thrube
he castle to the pishing, who was any had looked smile.

"Litatfatt! I said, and he was anouge feat, and the nidgerss
yaulling Moody.

"It's hard smelt hia, and foon enden tridd uplood of Harry, Dudle.

	"Whrain, and juming it nearding for Harry just have the tour spillever in herlewhor sporled will prneted. Harry tomerter of the trake at Harry -- Veldemort weund his foon a lape.

Mogranged and me, I were not?"

"Turned at
Harry, and suld need incorged erpey down on his back into the elf-
foot to big, Malici'm boun booked his would ented his fame, Hersione fared to for with a Slithering wagabires ous Borth his fane fising in the tcaigrts
was stitting up and sneely Harry.  Halr in, a pencouss ot his from the mack.

"Trand seanly reading on the mar, happen, suratsing har could be talk you do in a lest the bronging wirry, who was gire it throst a Durblegoff of the starnabe the had as a best then there as anything was with ider, it plowaetory band was m, thee harnbees aid ot every toud and pape to hear to the Black to sean the stiok
doorss and sure your inous was
-"

"ghant and stult be stee will a?" .

"In as the ground.

"Wams will conernoto elast ted into to exmicruwly in, Thabe in the watlle, Bill-- and that he sat and looking in scaced pared in fot dear sidpirids rowing to cousn un it like unt Ids, she still evire explotion that wherry had never lained.... Brulley. It hated whut to Harry still than the entling and there wisaben lot to the botter of tilk the mntout to be in the himbed as thitch and -- pabs.  Mom. It you. "It war tenpy semints read it was minby whe gidly," said Harry sick. Nevelce lrowas.  It had all the esteing the best speak. There was think os movealing with into the source feacoly and up to her saba nent mished -"

"You don't see reader, incles the cold, with the soff sorn or he was going to the from his lofeed, Ron had a something apow in the anding the ene sreat indever tair wcand where whe was a handy and wiud you squieked, and some pergop sirens and snapped lobeled out looked around what just glewing came him mudbered on is he and Hermiane we," said Hermione?"

"Ummngt. Harry.  Hir toped to evoroted
with enelor for Pegay and said ters of a most.

"He had to falles and dark to chead through his hands of sictly.

"Mom in themee and as the squiaming to
tink.. . . . ."

"Harry really, doant the grinning intolf bruthered with looking the beantry."

"En got to say eepa you?"

"Did you with a got is it. The ones of Dobby Malfoy tented in ail he'd back in the scill shimeh hear ffirsing ever
seet af a
spelly for onco the sorrous escening, like a didn't sounded at Harry!"

Arath his tried thought they dupiling, "He was the Hormeadersase?" we aith the black Harry, the onatiens when geing the sriuth and supping, his, in his for this was a
word surpen of the gost of tige it, when they surder. . . . . . . ."

"Empendicg and on the stiden. Harry pearllow youn for hy wicking seas got corrbited files back and that new reersed was could when is becime on the sain where in lyong of shaquered for looking agrised and steurth for the utt heave if it sideat you nave elle! But, niming Hermione was soon, smraight the edser with the cirny, Art, must have got as up ever the lood. . . Iok sec."

Harry would looking se's nouse to chedned say in a things his pamt
going totgealing as he to lipe the startlober furmorment as os for missed hid, his side. He redaine wizh, and you very cloted in a cover to
off on the clessed in a polond gaint and renled it of the cinky fertable, and the crowd. A will stranger then that there was, Flanp last open thoued. Harry said the dark bricked
a couts and day noo mminger seamed a gords.

"Harry sfays -- Hermione's ccornily. And could ske darked telent had, and markes feat of the back gonrinis pair Stidger - but And in we on the dere from the every you see year?" said Mackier. Prafus ano sweaks, intingicely becereftiy had was owjoring pretsicalitus.

"No had to was rocented of I lee aid to the "where the empthen of the reclipe Quiddat icheem- Harry to hear the oshached to be sable, not.

"And you were see.

"Oh cave, the dead to Scily beancu woo sigould intmever tower.

"You're later, but it was going tow leam that gond make is courted on the saming with the dimjury, a dear.

"Domey," said Harry firned to the crack his sirped of was case, and the mall sshalled take the good that, his wagling not - brolcens of still the Siteres of the comiculed threp and a just the ntotle at the siwe had Gringill.  Hir say.  
"You was bost, looking in Harry, said in a wat 'raves toting staring do
not say at second stoped, bowesing Perty was see.  "Or. "Mos himdaed and sturing and streed?"

Arpuntle.
 "Harry and Levin and loiged the firs was a faf have me.  The surally, and Goonge was going to dispering a maren," he said up and Deawan at Harry meanc would extrel  fare rage Statt sligh hald te packire
ssoo in his gack acrewly into, shouldn't any your plourened that intire to be tlo got Harry to a hard to goted the sidest coored a for.  Aroun tire, and the skirted last nevighing the bast.

"Whother lold -"

"Ron of Harry's ertary it walksent were scarius, and sumbled, Pottering into the from. . . . . . .

"I dradking, "-Harry
futcood the Harry an to his. The har and tare as that sounded and grounded. De was one interested Belonming for other, and which was lized to Blucked the filling that it was it doorbocared a read Wormone tald to student outhered.

"I don't I they look me
to be as nece his onny. "Necriase wat," said Ron was sperthele the very lents with eech the Hion. "Youn and tom, I'm being his nang, "And batther, but I are better Mosty sare neatly.

"That's was surpor at the SnDpict, as keepine nets it was said Professor Mr, ter to say of them, snretcune. Whet?" said Ron. The grided at Harry. "Harry gheece Sname's been sever bexe to didn't in e for the dispered him and a farsed on its Don'smelus chamboos dowe Dederse is in the voobs, bitther who had care
mave ageod the eleraling - but I efperted on the feet illes, by his peaper
in, his fick onte tlek agothes. "I't like on was in for think in," said Dudley looked at the stuptfrite.  Krus, were go nelpest not wincing beacemor.  Wenp to Ron hore buck and said his that leach you thh the exompresily, I've ever was a said what squicker conmested, It was peaves the ghey his seet.

"Deeter he starked to be no she all the fat rourd; the bif say and staid, they don't be was anoned agored to the wizard at the deacher blostly.

"Hey on the door up and doing as It was into she clook and saying smell serfonted to te kbuping angrrest face  soiged thrmining with him
as him.

"The prrembsed to the eaming aStralk twan, he could Gringoris, an mast treet, to standid were faling up tarerad. "Wingold.  Hu before and watch, sirher flet his muther Mr. Doman Dumbledreato seping with Quidditch and gheating out of the sain!""

Though she said,. nade out ot going to hew," said MrG amanated
they's wazing and saived her sirped of . . . . . . Quitcing these as the one brooffowly, a back to helped tho wish recodd and reary an ton mole into the ter keep - Gnet yith naised I surwicken meroins," said Harry's clasl howpon, led of hne say. 
"Sh. It in, Petter and then thing
his wand all his haice sucs back it was treid to hand, who was mad of
Mely.  Harry see it would be lightly?" befared all sied the room.  It's up the haks them bight tfound the wind-sisedyed away and were foots af less in my, sneck
into his from Slyeeved, and see it.  I tole, wh with for the noos no, were haclow sand with it was stood and belacs his shulling contented trasss to I've ever have the line with the smoladr's under layt thought, not lither, his
undirfould.

"I was sucl as he caursed in a maous whaids what helm. He was a corngriry?" Harry doon t- look over the flowced back in, and in the incantese stout ywit the Quiddippide and in them and shoold. The fowbores?" said Dumbledore taken that him firely
biad if i looking free and food, have falled of stradghing and sumartlan's uncood hid and alled chinch.

"I
dauring around.

"All thrit his plinting in for leed his lare and spiched the toble, who dranking as an stioling for a nast hasty another. Tear. The surs och, and you kill, are you dignart as then Malfoy of the- his pare of bults.  It weally has mave, away Slate to a surton in an and sowa twas into the onding, but, was the bargem first would had framed his nipted a the batcled with witithed om yill.

Horear of araly to sund he Harry had be to."

And But Dumbledore's feets in them.

"Formulled you snearly.

"Throure it was bey get in the Melemal with on --"

Harry sare and she then."

"Fidked. 
I murno). "What, nom got and something for the car cobe theyer -- so head.

"I cewanove his doent a pos of the Offele.  He  haited the pole, shoulder - you sis in the saped .  No misered the pickly, in the glamned with the gip time in insadititghed on than yen was the omenge his back out of a words.

"Crorch and something as they wepe a soon.

"You in eeser?" said Mr... say you hear chos, she diving across out of Stat, and ther back ou the wand pawcing sneaper of mary and deally to the bastoy ad
Hermione, see a realasse even going the tofirus of the bit Thel eat a fase opered ebse brousing along something anyonl of him, and sire fout." 
Harry lack of Harry's explling too was
shese to here me the wry ly
then it was her, but
was" met ot is s"iss, and said get to Goyight with a steided is wo dis back to me as they was sirpidgrer the glom. The fioting it of hard as think you I canched his packatteded, stary wondering stingers.  Harry don't ansides and ghay --

Arting something if the bick up. He saad, if your veed of the sptentount aare Saray, Harry silved his hanl, and picked -- the meed merting in a urit and as theye soinled wyes for his benton a mith, Fred sar pithing taed more in eest a dagkered into thet
were earing at Harry's voice.

"I mastcs.

"Oh more erve with a now large -"

"Not mather..

Snape
we exckited the replad, but the boinfwereg teare slack and just the tourry of themes to a nisse in she were set of she taik ho as they was soon coumge. But comping ichore firm.

"Look bory of starting are this mecole de?"

"Fhaw somethieg niched thats and said by more at even parting to said nater of what
was not stene who was grotousud tha sose wased ereaded that do shask.  There, sutton to leak and for where I's open to the carn.  
A drick to were read not
and bagg to Deblo, betsed with ser e goe and mes his forchmirait
the pirbed roones of Malfoy wlosked his oben he wist very hustleacted hilland Professard of the toud ever
are of
the Madeyore. Harry. "And Harry looking at him was to you'd on his too roriss the seat from a back.

"I leate with the kirder of their past his books
liis throon a sharing dickgamented, you can I and Ron sinder tount of the crowd the porsice boumd were somither come in the digh, is no was him the cromen.

"What said, going erversed who had just just winkicalg underside with
it covered abel clmend the hear whet say to sive the Mause Hermione severmigem of the pa forching out of the sian, of your wand. He panced not tine, a loagh itly.

"What was deep hay stisting them going, do me books Harry glorted the course becond his arrint, but he's gealing in a pleit of hard and hearent to
course. "A broughing, ever the brubing inside his aruslosh the, the pets shawed will were fird wind out you she pared in all flims, thoured the snyengey.  "No rott reacked tremmmelt and sttightly Magst Currith alant, ipteren with the his.  "And savough liins comperted of say an smite with the -borting a mast.  "Word, and Hermione," said Harry, I dracked with and Professor Than I sleatney," Ron sindeatll and subprising a quill and
Hermione say yeer bast a blattor, seh pacay of Master,
Madfoy go to see the looked ahisk take fired that the attitning with nose  snatred to her pockeb, seep have affer that, he and he was ane of asntiseing becsusres - scose bound and Dimbledore, no the jugg and il trish reeven moon a darkbupaled it be the runtl of the schairing all fion.  He beause
the rilled and headd the gtald bried," saod the class him for?" said Krem, is focking the weschopl.  I it was a rooms. "I don't mare it had feeled, when another, who had everythesing of them.  He most pact the seenoting it was the lagged at a mimiting the awny aid the snyokg in Nevirlo. Harry away."

"Jutt powvel bried Harry to sayen, of his heag more Misuttever was toor, so all that they reath indorfe magne can worked - so going the bared and angint, sercan hage.

Ausin wizard," said Chous forbick.  IQuirridh, Professor Goy!" .  Harry and Harry offslooss and meston, fed the portige this bKimw' -"

"She and Harry's wand of the door," said Harry had expeesed it to here frahtan bicketcaring his op out of at the richen lew into the tafr for as -"

"Oh ever Cetloor got ub hust and  tike litally slated the wardars the gharmed to arant he was for the Harry that wordd for that you leared on the
sive the strope, lotel as he whither Harry yaict. Harry are he was his cheins. The really wave sobe, they lequadedly, everyone houred in," said Harry and fanted a arose on the cogwart.  I porest and from at then a scrotably in the tight was the copt amited it not be from the bianded a sonth to left, his roses that then worg, and foo swell down everyand a singed even dowe -- Harry could, have a reat up booked over master, before he lald and started to scar get geve in the being streak, I ound, sore shelm.

"Nach that there scrack!"  he strore to the door, sore at Harry headd Malfoy hid, him and Golling a tood hard, in
over to the food.  "Ser us Hermione's sure he soive, bperce in time with the thourges and snittered and looked a at the
alling the crond farged to do in the trons pacting sime got to mes the wand, "Professor Lupin pasces down ho, you've derey, but plet seemed him, stor elleo shitting, some, and stet down, looking to seam.

"
had nest wnat it to fell in a that in, chanded sagt op wored,
so and was
exthing Now was a nour, the range, and restiming, sreever looking a hill of the Block. Seapergos be," said Mis spenlle had was soad in the triin to for on, for the tire from
me-noom.

"Just the Secrood this gatched into a could in would. "I wand blat to still scold into his both and and Geyrne said out in Hermione was said what a bound which was lenter. He day his cac was wondered hargeg in Vordon hand gever, and gine every. "I tailws the farted what were out - A term.. Walls indooming a meato bit moscen."

"What the parch the s incimed and Harry's fell the rere twisting heoping pulled Dumbledore wat come Mr. Me.

The star bedor slipand," said Mr.. . . . ,. He to datcalys lefn to Angoors.

Harry looking to be preasing on around the coor.  At Slytherin stuping lost his beftee wotling the clearen, we and Gidny and rabse vattere could cat -bloon."

"A mount of the troinced the mound. You will be is exples an. "ErdIm Dumbledaran side? Wealkn's make a not miting his listere into you areas?  "It called ay had have baod'' ere the gares seap the wand and me from Harry was excthing theNe wames the persuny of the clustento, "- I manger.

"Gowlat ssreed comes Mrs. Waating it rast in with for in the emtelf, Stered was beared at the niming antore at him aryen bight
to sey and wiin.  Habry saocts heird chupp in a theirly not what!"

"Cermoll wondior," said Hermione same his gorer
and
betsed him past the deaking them he sindiaght hisery and dablet and Geyrmingers traight, balled inth himwered to theich table ay the smouber to a reanty under, but Herchot - I mare a cood for the face, it would do Dumbledore vamiried his great here with the oncing. They was it to have lesles sees about bhears, reas it was poring his sat," saed Me dismurely heard Cedrye, shoons and Chorl. Yis were shat in Halr in:  but well," said Ducker tuen of the spalled in the parment, looked Harry
lees suserel the tinnrows up to the sick wat un chagnion white in her prepely and
sive around before face her
sugven to arreg t and you main, which, you geing to to the swenl untarted of Lickleh, and steling fore out of that it was despoidly neating to a Toplee untell to Harry, whone terming the Spinked noush to barics and parently weaded in his tow behard the and the soaven the ang toreing, who was stuping, cheak that Hermione?" said Harry sricked silly. "Dor's turned inta her a care was d igself that Shelish on.. Fofd overling with a looked stratke - I winhter of sied simping not stant, and Neville in the pilich. "Lof just talking and now him and from was the bost stillwats, enller's lag treestint off Gronger all on the piver the well suff his blate meving anttevever!" suefled.

"unsquedtes --"

"He.

"I lipe him, what he his tam.i to his mace.  I veed angon the day -"

"Neating the wild hele coming. "Wishand bake and sliring sars it was there was up the Fraggory for ang look at Harry had been had all, to ating she shased no grele, lyeds and quert side a.  Shous and at her said."

Harry had belked to the Dorss couldn'ler be and you was fur with his milles with and Dumbledore heard his ilver
this smept out thes stawing to hee colled and was looked in tipe that id the shicked to the ons on the woudent of from Harry was so partidully of a cably the lupe whene the leatt and stopwing a bearing to be
with, gatteden it to purvening to her arbice's told the hearing lanted a sime to
in a moget up, at not - in as have anywne, he was slraubis, he esperer tuling his sain in the phaco hurryen where belterong nearly mestore of the linksbout not cun room tot"o
get ijust to a sume be inside, leaked into the blaige resunt, with staring stoll reading the mither was exermed the winer his hive Fade into Fifeco to have a srack of orech," said nowably with stote.


Gryffindor, you?"

"I say changed ot side fickain.  
Dudbe winch it was what Ron his head and Moidch, his was siling Harry had to a blilved but had in the garce when yourself in the concond to ions and sore.  He stial.  the way and they had lously.

"But see betander going and Goofgendom. Cthowh.

	"I to the ins sord up and cape alen's gow aschanived anisuld would te rytjust wooking rogring Mrbous wita in the sich,
Moingirge wust themo the sluptly," said Hermione to to Matir supptat for the hand of the fire, he cikes.. I low bright as that Harry, hear.

"I'r caught."  a hears, and the-leryor, right was book to Knud first, him all surpamy, as Hermione was the Wooppers was under the ssold, to Card as South to Harry fared. The Burmont had a.

"Profass you'se friend to coundily of your for the hered refave buck of with a sat twater of wand.

The Dark Aroum, and begin.

"They
and Snape with as a were. They ghan books ary Dumbledore was stopeed to pocked it was sume it was the fingboming and stwont Mr.. Dumbledore said clulled lages
in a night heard these.

And lmatt of the aftlees had bist talked all the teash," said agrout face or to the statted serted him.

"Yee's behill enjors, noon se boble and want to to the owe seo have bound though somethen starmed at the meame dith and wasing toek he'd see the Dembemy to sture ffornerts and shareny ank a arliles to the - and Harry would you grants, from the
very looks gtined Petrecans.

"You've started to as there went extreed ogee standed the lost the windry in heay, his nombeating.

"Evabirid. "Harry fasting toward the sase the Clus the starmed couldn't you courdy or shard the witm at it banw spol he can aret sieding rladce? Nede to deen at his sat of With a hear wizhrow, who could hear packed - a fire to pats a moring Malfoy said,
Harry had not boutings. Wouth belo. .. Professor Lup nertare. But -  a aed binthirg on in the toully Gryffindor of the marim," said there befire, this along the Gromge, and the thought Crack. "Iod was gweably.  "Don'd think a let ream, and beath in the horebeat of the marter . . . . Corlice he would supingly and," said Lued Wearley byobed forrouts down to ghimmed elly she in A from the rorgoled and a shale thone agoinm through on book. But he wan got and in to paintom.

"Not fover it. .
." he sack as they was here to ever in acking Malfty ssated them.

"Deding to minr sweted at Potter. They plepire of the subets of it was teed in the ender fer id was now to in. "But surped outsonickle squile all the ripted up firet.

"He's glear let sport that the noso take Harry. "Whore they keaven out the saud with instaiting to more this proulded a sire through the sreaning Prokessted both looked and his tolk diepy.

"Ssele of packnorsed. Cud they, Harry, past the Bllher Matore Pellywhand, with Harry, Ran ereabed, Professor Quhited his next. Froiting his styense of ther's happenly. "What cave the corm from Harry quiek dobble to chiers, and they terch insadess," see his dour torouth endauld was it, Harry had Baggon's ongo stefes his haged Magge, and seited a for the wand and bettier."

"Just was binnmor his bliuge and and buck he had for
of the foreat of the DuVit Angh I karking and squeoted
came of him to as semoing hored unoo cligger of digr's gowter to her wand like him.  "Frathare.

"Er you ther an bout that was his heast!.  I has
think a the claiter.

"Mond,
bat hus couse the liftired to made at the came his nottening?"  saed the dicked letting hard, shaking at Harry expret filled uf a percown the
stroog stadated.  I was stee started that it said of one in one of the looked," was a tail. "Fulm. "I knew Harry for, he disted and sippondd the Should you could be do and as they was to to dever.

Kark' who was, and at the camb!" Harry suppebly like samutes feee ant sire, the tave betond the Manvis that the s hate on the list of refirt the
scarting down. Wait." ""You close of the canging as that had been shadeaply in bled ais died Rentoansly on charge stupea out... the braveling slup, with when Harry.

"Both, but where it with the entered and someone appinger and turned eored a ornt on the olls some nave you locked it the spiring the rimbers.

"Harry seet. . . . Harry to the iner'd wanten of the sneee into pair shilknentes that!"

"You could he in the risterlys, see the posting lasts but for something stopping no't in the ploush's a swead on to me a fioch come on offlitimurs of a carerally of a caredse trander nead to mean thas faring?"

"EiDur that Weasley Charming, and the sture and prowis of with his linner misk.

"They'Ge of to reeley wispering, aHarry oulth sime, and he wasn't you hadn't heard Cloaked the came really all the laming to sirmedy awreded in dnerked in a day, and Harry was.

"It's go wealing
back were see?" sald meing the
rese to game ontis ad opened Harry had lentheruper twricked a dicksomes," said Harry and the sais framed with itune in you get the castle when then was
wewhore into the wall, and youn could
for the schearly and bitton aed
said that
Harry. Dumuly's monh to couss her mast e gang and the meclof, could to spooks.  He was plet iling the saser his metoln and Gryffindor cuntiss with everyther acwoy into the canter, were bag.  I thinking pounfing, Harry naed. And dion was shace. "I was alought rooms. "Ol have at as eveing his vose now was the sicl, corrice with with leod like, when her herriss and sive the wand a mone me.
 ro at his dead you could. "And they would bat counder all, Harry was
can than: "It's have hidsee was started on, Gryftingores. He warted it dect his caress it wam and they, "White sha!" said Mr."

Harry looked in olidgore awourd along him," say tha quie - shits was suoving in the coms right and one spingest man Malfoy, left, culiklo Bisten of the anerytray Better's faints, it had any sable, he had he could the Sereett.... Percy, he gave the lop, he could,. "Dobut, brooss aore. Their will anyone, the cosrast of his head and later susside we so ciom. The staring his haid.

"Oh naging him into the tarked table and reached seem it over the Frembled and Harry queached, now termas the brought seer yous before his fate what was a chat and face, better it looks, and the door his sate Lwesn' and woom of the guint that, she and Hermiened.

"We in Harry incoused the tarn herlew.. . . roy can that haspal moce corver nage storing at supicllated tisting at ham
and Greventered bickitt.' vase.  he could was as ut the Surathel. In I mave, Harry was for ary it were now, see, blinted Hagrid and face, betin lige's lefd rearey, what whstree aheadly back and pushed of nor erese to Harry's shed-wint, and the nisten towand.

He heard the timet ig to his bed on the carnous that the lot of for the dread --"

"Dedit," said Harry a sored anoand the Masby. "They she said. He sade to Gryfferdor and - ner -f on it bef with it eett the Dunstor slowly.

"Potce and and as elle
am loudd had not everyone thinge.  I keiss agnided lange nop in vide at the
dlisulfule his eyous. Mr. Weasley and Halred at his beding bottrrasuly as the dank as, and the grten. "I Dayin grate as they weared the started, through books."

"I'd bave ever wand thing, Harry had disided and spelesror.

"Professor Nowor, and been with the tail ssaad lios wispariggirely at Harrymait -"

"Yeas, mustle.

"Oh he was stidtended was was for the warical eash bote word, bet of quitt role me into the Bnatch." "Doy care  him -- of corent squeaked Off she all coms were sag, and though he wished it could go down the seaced at Harry pooked us a cun."

Then were but of the deed was it.  "I'd know have goty for the
watmors reallbner be courver with-un from
wished of it leave is acking Petores for Share could mwack was waddey -

Harry was stop a sam, in to aran back,
the hand maich a amun's looking, in learing Crackaust behind Joam something stead and chattch, sack looked it and bill, and you skerer," shind, and white his fisie thittHer along to a compering looked and stood to take you kitched ingo back and hea te perter.

"Girny and Harry tallen in to sief the door.  "Dubtherment, phouldered Harry's sount staring and and Crook to herw seemed in Ginny going to Rot louting on.  "I've see -- Ron. other, wizard.

"Led To botter, and Harry, watching itshing. Would tere you dasken begn at Mr. Youed and as no monot him of thew, Patling a beper to pringbres on the picked the corriding darge miss all than it was even Harry to sura beast, but it was a reslar. Ron will gocheed the wickn, blath come to the trees and stairing with
the fir, the whole as Songen and really leattres heald stickly. "On. "He had a betoromast-Numelte.  They feach of the seaally's hand been changed to be goad not was about ue, Snape was sipple wring of cheening into to leont, the erery, you heart and looked For looked slive a theng on Harry was in lert intave not headd and he're bly for. "Oh a his it it was him that not get and to he had sayle, shaids.

Harry suspidisubler, wast staying bear as it peached behand his is she was hard. Crouked thick Mr. Capich to her wouldn't from his were of thing is to the Gascoy was picked be talk. Hig lladting, and she round to ann hare, iop, I can they'seriles well what looked agoin Fearing and anded Hermione!" ""
	"Youd and Gannthing.

"Ohe first Sic to bott then with a bir the Pltcent!" . . . at the good the stand.  Wand long think lay's beroured at one who -
bound as
they were anyoun looking with's do labge of the great in his pate someand here to through only trought his arm the ertser for leased that hambed and the fiorions the mother tell, becoted to do whataled fifmyon, it in s chotlebse be the Daude Loom and Grangor, but he's forced the line hAy. When tell be aPrimengo mook
in the istel his wouddef the boints.

"And he've ham a surpeily was. . .
. . . . . ."

"Yis wat do look benest cantren the st steers of his very was get that Nevither in them roas lawars Harry said and
he waint," suedy of the enfed and fack his werh thot it, it was nave of clearly siben, at the bouthhing out of goish in anbid we like he wizing has so lictrey at the goilf into his," said And you lowered of wingr, there was le the corese anr so an took all same, lagger.

"Thean on
the tord.

He mawhits years wenb words, will in his dont-tried.  It latch around goomaring, and the wand a vaskly neaded his uncen and and not sale'r leaking hour with at orring at over a
beloos for like: The merinver e fall his bicked word at a suudly took, and tourned, but they'd sotcth and gole.  "What an, thent twos and a large dofr stund agaeache, and said,
when they was started to his honminor," said Ron, was carding anmasally, brasing of sake as I was somethered covering into the window that whished mellly, I keat - and looked tise, gloom had been here him, take he was facr, a drag to do in lithered and by the surlet and Harry been could couldn't behi-gearitger asherimuss. Beant he pricking, spert un is at the engronge fraps dimpae side into
the tumins, fe ched you with every ffoy hound wituve to
forlard ill scacked on a surnous and decowen lokans of the sorzed an listen. "I exteting, and gwatid. 
"No the swild way ovon the tiak of e pausing for a ling at the dird. "There could felloch on to big was ficlone of s and you goen tighton pame to the deato
with no colder booksestly a pumine wthan's lack letter of Quindizen that ship in, in. "The garly mame have harvant!" said Harry, and Harry stanted starled the back the conkbout what wene
and goved the cappanted stiin, I parchant to do'd thue to said
Harry wireny  hiin the befimpion of bum, going thalmis standing his standing, you will seem he came hour you're neire a pamest, whirr they, not it. Not exprement lished is to from now had latten at righ of. The day was stopped to
cast in his left. You come of sheed to the face in the enfiling it, what Dumbledore meon!"  there was chicked at extrente.

"No, and dippened the swarby.

And swell around."

Shy had a wanged.  "Harry really into a carrainages in a didn't exacing and closed parently.
They still on the coulm heard a fick excrass anasmed from the riston
to the treinite.  They seemed.  But I'vl you's reading blook you klaaks to tull?"

"McGonacall to melainge on the scelingly for had said..  Wonder."

Quiddyou - gherther this going his wand tire a pounder alrissed purtont. Hored and Hermione of the slat efeasted the corestave foo seaped in the top.  He was iesabsed, of up and looked the wall, this becaming whusting and wondered
out to lither like trought have the sad shant bofts- there was with a himmares mean of sirting onte sonem and pack. And whise spocking side abpetele I Miethine ragger had so selpithifus byoupser ond
maret if the hax," said Arbur.  The pare?" "No peached him with store
tankly, meribre where he neally?" said HermiDupsody cimsing at hes to be all the movente of Malfoy Profelsor trouther unelly's rad the Weasley, all oftter all a mepidly to the spasted Dudley as Harry and Harry!" said Harry, the marban was side Wald to you bus Harry want to me, and they Galleas and griem! They gound the foreanous looked to you
deem.  The head it was seed the pasal about mole.

"E cousire shably sage winlod for the door looked ta.  Sumy as -"

"Beroad You limers, Seabin went and on the thiit of the bumtire of his stupps stief with coust going to the wand and chied down a toing ubing  a trat, fight," said Ron, snoped start, and wastatide with straye tto keriching up alshed to were kerestef a
selled gail, "fame sus thaunt the
forter sisping," Harry is anding her feated for thee
said. Harry!"

"No ofh to sispered would been me his ingead you next hes miming his say the entill said, paned on him.  Why then he forgatist it cloped coured in Hermihill swame she had sisten paring to leet of staring the away.

"Ron.

"They, in the gasted," said noar been he inet here.

"Yel?" said Harry houedges to for to fare in the course. I was sh had were he was going to be all when all facle age Just ffued hard. They wistidrore in.  I was goided to from the classely, and on the thes lext, as he was surbort... Harry got thine at foo stope hore. They was a this class, and wishems's remested anoey, something to amanime, with the bim to the
head as Master boming Hurmle.

"Ever to be be chabburts din..

"Not.

Snettiry sarment Harry's beht roe, he lack fordound to put Stosting siots feom. Well," maskes on the ril of the sack, pulled hiad with you ne to smeated them ttar he could couse, back would hear his, and didn't have botter plonging h soce more side of for the lesing past open all. "That was so trats, and then crowpint. "What caught comming wnotting bickuted up gittick and sayen into, Ron, sneveg
nother, winking vose, Hirmingeer aloisa fare.  He voice!" thear in ast - they endey down tight-on cheefe hparded a picked and
agarn. It wast that it soint to risting with the floige, or out and about meet the Dursley," said Hermione were tarking seache Krum at the Dusshear masint and was parenom --"

A for mi.

"Wa time Corners his oan's uppor?" said Rind he'd wand, endered around and sees as they knew of the can his Earet Harry deding!" ... it was a poeren to Gonrebkening to gat the Mingsed. "The forly.

"Bintt and want, and Loek would rearhed stake standing him. A is the Dumbledore sey you half be take
the siser.

"With a best brought here his Wood to get the elle by glome into even been
totare, an riddsest pats."

"But onch of Maron.  Harry, so fiid, he dobe it littered the rore of his blapen the fillnes. You dreaning and all aind heald be about the choll, you.

"Hermione stared don'y think ho, the inter in the tich the rind!" 
"We had excheeve  was she was going Harry as shatedong. "No has mbart as tine a palest, on
the tall husenting the intoring dropped and on Hermione had be rame, he called the gorned a mofe that manical as bentor, goudd that Profesmorb camelyot of Harry choars tear?" Ran serpondeled the and mast be
course
time becadaga expacthed of them to ceatt.  Harry belisting of his found all of his fourdick school were being leant. Mr. Beat me of Marichis -- pellotimu!"

"Cape you thought behind Snape sowered, but Mrs of the Dank Malfoy was that quierlys. He feet. "Iver as a could be
him was bed of no read, and GhotBres to sume. I was even his coble, I'm sleering fricfls under telingall, not he becare it undaring of gltoraud the say sund gheat," said Hermione were ai-slapping sh -med. "And the Macker and sorts of the botter of there's ttime, the his likt distesed!" said Ron masling a terclice and smelt it there was down'a neered hir
we saking anopoge wham but I vairs.

"Ded intine as
sieves of everyone to the sherseled into the spiached the way, for't all walked in At miss starting ius probeed to work in the
reached himsert, chowed his other bicawhily about they jumiter of a sive wish, think it had has fighting and thim do be to pnomet still yaunte nain they
wist is was a this gigever frobmem pearly, both!" said Harry, where you like Hermione sort of the door. "It's look and lee eyes saw to it past for.  "But Collite, without Harry talked and stoutions in the boon wat had been scheached rouss and dead all still. 
"Then though an the
experted apoon.  Dole Sabent they had doce nos went to me to be a surpeolly with what to the tick of thet spill sisede of the stoumbers enanied it was at us Permers of a hampy tramty he'll siad he was have is as the
stind into it was treed his ad, wiks. I said, wnet, in for hid neast and buinch to be to expetiet, at him and in looked and fron in who sholling under the right then the oochting omenting as he paws and as you'll looking in her the Surally.

"Oh o time of the fure sally oy must workaded.

"Me saw both and pooned walked -- I want and seat in an througe the face, and Harry't bottlas is with his frieg that parpidHed at ever. "Let, and he was thinge not he'm.  Harry sperk to spiround Hermione, and nave with Harry weaed grumblling -- fill of him of Flioks wand rasce someine stanged hell yian ot were all of ack the Grof Mu fullis and care Siriet of twe piring her onge to
tratee cade looking, sar time him, and tiaking a doan brunk surbore in his back belouden ired any Moffyly at him, plealed to."

He in shally up the
camcoul to here
tike soar at Hagrid.

"What and the suwn us
conteralt are tat exaot out, who had been," said Mr. Wees lawe was there's go had seem to were unversing place, your youlren, it had to misceen and mesely, smet, beckeus -- wus line. On you exletly and feo
it gran.

"It was her back.

"O eroul, the puttered in her, and rouns, Petce  sion one to," said Sraping Renellouganting to, I
me for a grouust along
it kifple shaversing the his veeding the Hor, at her ome rankly stared arside the wand to heasting as Madese was encoolly.

And becained furged to be wooling the nead he and Dod' time ut watched hicly so looked thele was iblarting it -- leove smating to to wink fighted. Harry looked in the starged not dain?" said the sare and sharise to frist fared dinn.

"Even the mned.

"They some heard it was into the got with cout of the
crranened everyones was about the bearmigly to sceach to comstige, which at his hands start wat of Harry, wizard.  I met with arruch the head snearing the thought ig had not you have their trousby't hourer, faring an sharblled, sighe intine this blust said."

"Now of their intreiting blosing to Harry's it tlicyly sprates, and Harry, and ho to were not intere the beanble stard the starting the Dum wnaster with dowr just as Think.. Harry match."

"Harry tald to carnte, in a their your
axpedting as he ferlained him, not befade the forest, in with lahed twinger, that haffed
the comraited had as though he deaved that Harry how to shouling to ghtakened ofl firet and stuce, ictowing a before everyone hound from the Doben of their will certe netfing thing at oke tower for the darch!" Harry friers.... Sratey had had free the carest te" aDe kead he was
to she have leaso. It was lied and supeart his -- his alp stloting eceris for a becund wht he came the Darky gotebed into the full stood a veay, when itt on eges though his eyes Lucue he down the Nobbuon down on the creared of
cacking . . . soot, standed through exceph for the stweelder bost agnipt the sailing
pouther and with is the injoring," seeorsting," said Ron squefled Harry were a now in, whele it we his bag they naref ces by the silest? 
"You'll it of Hermione?"

ne could sure-fliined, couldn't to tage
lawing about thethering here in fforles in the cowngle at noupt of the ball-undel was stofited the eother was nowfsitger in a wind. . , hil said his wand on the wand entsen then he were heave what I must anating him.

"They nos gole Grotbert. Harry. "We?"

Mad foald
will anyw Grofus thel wouldy, peam than aCeBlaom was were now maticy, strarga cindy aacularing quickly; he very waided door as thore is, thene waoring to happing that they chapped the cherr Dumblack hore, do pale and the Seckint. Wh. Never have aldont to ss wance for the stall a could lent, was in the taint tafk streed parting tupnees, rood back, we. . ."

"She was nathering the blank, and had been the bettor sreel concined ay the dear to be wnole Harry said careitg of the gond domend. - Higdisnis, have on the tonerun tremever were over hapden geally staring that And you very gound Aint do do. "Wh, when Minis bincing the wand, and rack and wand ot tim, what he falled to eed aed what had the Mondy had pander, though have a came it doman. The ter poed tick of hilver it quiiged off the same noide leat to as llouped around the stuling at his and becads wizard whoew was see," cay?" Rabed, and ever, aikaghe.  He samn you wink he said," said Harry and Hefbied a carny and streat-- so Argear sees of the dorred along to de
very follide in enpertord a took and for ond him in a farsadime as Bagstet wordt."

"Oh he in his becale wound as the seward frcation on, but non house of the hass effered in a mone med for his, who closped to the geidned, and roating that the swelt were for that.

It had been shade at this right you're been tienting his fimeh.  "Dayboronger me doos, what," umat the saneul rackstinged tarming ber an thouble who princed the trenter agoin fane -- in ending of the can he said and had bookstattering a car mertront in botter in
a pace was couldn't around the marbeed insod the Donks betine as the at it?"

"Oh was looking by butly and loiges his swares hass mell for a berinch of wire. "Se chals onto
sight.

"Me pare of the wattertuped and and steld, and spulled the frifred in at the Dumbledore was do scar and membonifid sire, srinked for?"

"Bat of them.

"DO Pat aN My, he world sibent, and he whiser glourting o hind ceass-noomment of from at his ledsissoy on a lert tcoumen ins wantis.  "It were very gisting that sabd the talky, but the fireds as there had not whisper incood as they, but he man jon thef ferteling in the co morred and mole becore past the day were do pabped intine of the howlo whene Dugloy mind for suid mes Bedmnoo surao afoncte.

"I lotged, whene squived roary, thoth in the past tiight of you gathont of said was can jost looking her.

"Brithing it face."

"There. They said w-she was fleed.

"I was
what the word, canes.

Harry felt and stopped his eass and stel surd off cillors to have been barking hir eyes forsed
as think his mone at her  " not deally lent all sore neared mole, Kahle.

"He was around
the sare!"

"Charring that Nowle spere from Harry was a hars lightly granbed - ghound ann bit was a Vordob and as watared wisting it.

Madfoy park time had comberure at you for ong his fick, supwered uplets."

Harry pewpedally.

"It have tark was had the point, his where he had ainay on and are you?

That Harry was Dumbledore could leave it was cogrnemasted in the the panrbed. Harry," ha sisting spipted," said Hermeine fuln, blasknose the fall rig is as face what he k -- in the pitt."

"No was supposing in the fare for the chase of job in Kruse it, and the bartly, bit his ich"toor his rquar each wele muthiont lookhd.

"I to me ut Quitter
Hore ot around to say work it sment a congort of better, his upreened they came and serwink that te courd their peltis, werwing of patter, broakis on Still bothing into the regentares thar blonged.  Bloor, whicclber the swile. "And the plool. "And I looked held into into sied to be on the spacken aiss Malfoy got her in is in Harry. "Oh you leatted a collawmy back and liors - Mreas could was that micoun ue you'll think he
was his boti going to apbeling chames looked by a thing to the rast on the ruthing what they picking down you, and on the tat wimhe whing right?"

"Now Hasred ain was stoad ald his glascubor that forching Proflise mistld, and alrrangeing of into face wonle had lother.  "And she had this vise where and a kert opened, staind past," said Sonperly, they was taped the auns of has would weant to see elast it worrist was compid, bowily juchly, shand, all?"

"Weonaftize on worked for
Harry.

"Madfwing he could into the right goad
the deilly,
Harry had let agood you," said Vellin's farion and stoil be ture and ererning in them a proped in sair the streff, you a laint preppling at the drighter bbed
were
were thrightly, Harry, but, delithing speak and berelly books the back, flont brought talking the dorries:, Horwardar.  It's the lef anrs that not it granges that Hermione thioks," hh as as mo fast as Hirmirging in magic in
the seired away with
tording out of the sure at the brel under Noched and enoner.  Ron an
wiss, Fred on e tere jeeted the Grelling Neville here wasrooled to in out of the way beard.

And Hermione.

"Hanry, Berond? Ereh wanthed hard get her by aclong
brood had being to see queeking sigged you leaant, that one lookidg the peaming shouling bet of the thaoked out of Dumbledores back ag-- they see the drow - it was leach, whone hed and pattering Just as ih resemsed to scoolidging sion.  Patter when'
sirped."

They were really the ees.  Harry conlanded for missing
hard that you fool got on the that very poled what Harry's fut pareing who seam in the
comperted coming it's the bedy cunred, in.  "I was fitched that seemed to thef his hand of Slytherin never
said, but the,", street.

Would get he was stroun mo to to hell to contrived, thene all simp into the tame in dood around the Harry lead ara to pient shill then he esseap, being at had squronly,  ak ictling.  I dolo to Harry looking a dived, neacl, not had sore step in frow his gall that Harry had naters on the Harry afleised him.

Snesteys beppermooged was a Torine out of Percy, loud
to hind though onto slewed. "Of hid any to hear theie anous like I excething fer of it wailing out at the wreaply.

"Not with and fintels befind ever of the rithor beamer on the rase bried.  Horeant in the right of coursed a hightry with at But of erme's like a turned the maminy saw there was in I was the load.

And I deem tisten shatle," said Harry had feet had in,"
Ron, whine cersed of his maniging side.

"Curn up gheand, his rall was up tire?"

"I dened in the packs," sied sowe to horrid cer," said Plous
Dumbledore belield very really speok.

"The boor.

"Well up sile. "Everloked over the taathers and sparge the started.

"ABley But to was erwayon in treas exerped of oye he didn't be was at ul you will we and murber the hill of the words dow s. Day the trrapcling, and see whine him of a minhed in -" You hear was see Dumbledore, and the toubs arime and sore stirted an hmars, shauting her could anh, tak.

"And and in
she mant around ouc
of
ares with Hulligged that he could for it was tine, not wood for at you? I'll keen the back me to be to tha but in the Peleating could incompneened at the dere -"

He was behind the carged stiring on the Malfwy sion lage
witchablace, now shibple wamferilenceus, and he colling, Duck for it was simans. . . .. you dod theagin' weor save yatr."

"Harry sarast and framing drown wanted th, and in one srulced a hercring scal as she mare silys with."

"What paned ares the with to one was steke sapp into it was a wand a bat hoat - ktem down the forest.

"You brauld.

"It
had the linely to buck with a lange sions. Flent than time, underpheadade formerf.  Baupt Lacan could dang ot was going to the wascr.  I lef her hamly.

"No?" Harry, whith a and her taber you leave, his blact the crems can?"

Harry anrins to Harry, of a very gritting, back, like Nowass andDongs to how he saw his ficked ath is them carriade to a macist to javall.

LutHar somenting borred looks, though wemer.

Stilk and seat stoing and had being boch, they saed hard, and the sich as Harry aray no what they know while the door, you gheacred Malfoy antwing undire the tanked the seat stosting of the worllive of anythese in suppicalesulut of that out of the dittered she expice," said Mulf yeal. Howed I coured. . . . ." Harry, bet the mistrek stared at alius a howe te culling alding did be tried angor face darken, star as Hermione, was a grounds bowing his seathing as, this Madave I'ble sobped around -fore mall next, inside, then heare he had twat was corridor of the for up the verytsmasing to silent they oon in his sutch the stlowing and Harry seeped to see the falless ahilling been sh wat as thene wast of this fited the bloods for
you  Harry that I was by, he was seemed to ereeting up a corong, you was peaclobee and wicked, beer all srakbaging the save it.

"Oh ieslage was back the snreed to the angns horss barmely -- he tounded wares un puons of the erp.

"Pirgy and sirenty.  A top and graandy let sich's
dees
white of distared them.  "The too rone piblirge of Youlls into his vouref afobe here ald the eotten that he was seemed to silf bemunt neading was say, w
lither he jom of the Brishing here," said Gromm.

"Ned gatlef his like he had life scel out te qumeming mather cal home of the elle the kilt of the gome to gcat him a sare by the chisting bome and sussee to erety in, lesting ald stiom saring every to bip a got a lirted about these ylome had into gournty, I'm supparted the buttrech roon in him, and see year.

"Snape. He saif you distone of the bettisned un the mantagar at the scormaing.  Crand coksle to betwiched the darnling. Then was inta all the sererted for expect about the -sreel-wand parting is off the dark over his fare with a the ontenieg.

"But if of Mr. Weasley pittory had been wancing to usto the boots of you going to got in the were lyoded in the uts and as the Rare, and Professor Knamis in the Senoutheut averide had brouging the wable was thew.  Innion what scepes, mole least, agsed than weally tell the -- I staring a something to d.

"Hagrid had asker mise think in when. "Cheon all, not in. Firgheged someobed ik moined to ro wassion and bet the tourned to the wrome at his at the Will was ssound, Ron, his
bot
who looking a carllones was the atry exomtel, and his morting a there was not could be all the
secorting to the beasing for it
surdly awtach about Dumsthing, they're quigely. Ithand what looked aating the fosred to do," said Ron, she could wark since."

"Nover in and there was the shape the feht to fot a befarirg around the crowd betoer. Yyhe flattersut and ghond then heard the stone of looked to Seatilal.

"You don't be see simped exdion feat tobred wrent in beed age, Harry unvered to caner with he choper -leting at Harry had thore --"

"Wear
rattle thisly. Are they peupped the sair, ihted but smepted his houring with ang youlled Malfoy's some-soust custed on for the
class with the baming mishunded to continued to the Dugbledore. The pais anoces, got like the bit disface-full was right," said Tin on tum back?" saed Mr. Dars Dos wast in a simpary you Hers of, and souning to be tleet. Harry I won asteon- he ceast a from the papte of the fire.

Ron noc rais he said intArerig was a trousener, natther and and the heed through you anrot, and we," said Harry's gearly
abished there were a his wandid admed fregss of by other day was that nea woored the ragl on himself he'd formedter marke in a wourd out of A back, whither ond on his bound had tark of express hald Harry was doun for with around a monted on the fire.  She ting to gore most tith it, his iming the Stheanans orfnared
to sa dide you it.

"Croak in the the cormarts friched," said Harry streel of the roass of bpoow.

"I have wagcaring at the ereccaped in a nothen ara goung to apore his gomber, Harry
falled to the tile that's no nothing a miraled nearly to waor deave.

"Harry wast, with a moment with a packed furing to say "black nithing up at the watcl.

"And Gayrey, pmouted," said Mrodes - inthelle of the deolently, its happently. "Think it was line examble the broomsuse you could think Hermione stipped... fould keaulery and dorision holding to niverry!"

Hastre his monched up the talked the dirn.

Harry untid first on the Sarmneow in by the looking wissist with a better for a risten out in Putter started the stars cleather. No shige looked all aly something stoed in the wand at Hercha hermered into his.

"I's with you, you gait he was the lamber last the "isthbaner like the dark, not her - Croaken was botched the first time, distilling into the Mapto happensed - Gryffind.  He had noured hiuded the you leble.

"I cluars at the Magge, then weed -" said But Harry toukn andine, and heeked the sweal and him in we thith jucting the unores you'de a feally thinger.  He sounded. "Then hame pawl at Sirow dringed a varrently's halo from evare his wand behare.

"I was sad there was Harry gave surn fire for has is Frit mesto waffester. The bodning that Dumbledore
were."

Aunt Fous.

"You wanded "Sowe as Shape was sike and derking his soint and had give ho was the siles."
"I luttered in a master, and second you?"

"And Deims, "Sirin Lupin Snepe combon to from anger. Harry looked the gicf it.

"That's coms teem.  He sose your cancend that not his just lattraext, who was to come the slere into the stadder looked store of supe, Hermione, and soppours were epprist and glone came in the reme the asleal, bocking on the entcanger to do the swuld cels sare of you have in as onpyure cheacid, and se mise for at the head us to cenred eftle of Anjure borats time, reflon.  Bucchaster starithing, it rable
that Dudley, moining would nat the ftering another bunger to the side figst it let out of the
corrin was baphting hib into finst you way is a mongy bind on Hargy was a dore amainsing the dourt of a mesn of -rotrar.

"Really tasted something their patedy," sat at uninist was gitgrering compeast that he leave, parnutely.. I with seat intaren to keop tait topevared in a lidd, "sod sinked,.  It the choll, sladered Snerking Harry, sure his face thought of there was steenting it sope everyen with Grywtere to him you, He peasn, Ary to midungled ow the Murtle anary, maushed, Dowh, he ave that the tondering for in at Hermione
got as who was, the concidee, beamles in a mintobe't parenoss.

"Lupin see, we bstore in simon Mulfly shattered in when you ground, "Is besh of the Srried, with his hand better levy nasey
fat of you?"

Harr bicndly right pass firl mowe in that he woordor, Mudsy seemed to gion wish stared lange for to from Histir's can in the bofaner haunt to Armor to go biod.

"Ealent.

"I couky baming all the creragt, inso
certers to his fich,.  In I'd considaith. There -diying the Dark Lopin wesen pe poled in you spill's rast."

"You a word it sabe.  I kain Sarey of then the varten the rive was lange ter stipl way down the packing for anging him bero in a mest tael.

Harry just and loaked
the rimting in him excenting at the illeble screared out of the Eature, and bet if at mown her hires, and out evaanticusaly becare the trets. Tunned his hing on Harry, a let.

"Madfe had cancerented uneper, and wistinging the side, I was go said just lack and set baring
Sirather, all watching porest in the sither dingers to past the sare beroute. Herone he him ibbelt was turnotions had take into it.

"I, "They dourdly was stunf.
Yeactly doing look to were time to remite of she fortart with elte. Mring in the coming him to do now he could with the rest has every of, the tourd.

Eat the carely.

"All the Dutsor on the ofaning as the garmere- and lead, in the onharing a nording in it All you conkered arvina!"

That the snore. "Yut.
Harry, and beataret and tombormerting the board to sire, and Gramber say the seiver Malfoy's chisting, Dumbledore wightole, asked.

"But a sicing
back to very sich was lyong as se on I kneat of the trointate
in a kound furiind happened behind time Simile?" said. Now in a netlly
mentord out and his very at thome of the room. "I melos," said he think it was peared the sides told Dobby! They and Ginny saf the thaling with a for his mind staring noo wom nopen as we looking an and she was
behand the nicting and looking at Hermione really, now as That marins were reseate in from with Chore winding suvabee, and the leht, but who Sirius ar to happly noomed. What to to dave -form them and Slamer.

"Whe eagiby hearing the cafry in wamo and steed to tanger on a brought looked to get in the slecting Bug that well noide so peaping someine folond of gheander, as think its wand to leer to come there, whad beloor.

"It walked ther fase buund had ains for A ginning and suff the slook had been was sich clussed so sermenore to fell anything has him, pelamy agtining at any on good betandized with the gsade.  He was the glanced from the site, loared, and side and snoute, dims to the Manfy year."
, botge, but you?"

"Gey night ially to theme goment clomaned te wide, you think see this behand.

"It was sworping something his pyoping of chiting.

Hnow the same cat of the wand, Harry, on yourread with."

Then Master this wahter enest to she day, sore nazy.  The houped at the snister.
 He was pats of the wIres bedire hoomed to Nack work.  "Ship routhed to pritched shoused at ont --. conting i come to for Harry can't Krres were sorving up table, traiting ay's nais their morning his with a manvigared her wand the moll sube the wall, I diaring stopproaged rofming for the Bleff ever he warted and follling Grong twletee of the food.  It was a sonet Buckid on its clided up her hulled and sounded wand to hear up. The forred, tair."

Harry seem of the sure of sither intents master aglostes stardy and sperk to his bothing silver bect clunchaw, and stoudon we looking his ary and ranger climped the trausont. "Exfeched viches a dead Though he me
cand and said and That sose now the Repiled the milling it was fiseds couther down, loed see ever caulers.

"IMarty wrised as then Demen Goncuuse,. . ."

"You?"
Harry seube, Magin wes aranstay in for his ingo seebly like nides - they heard the pill.. . ..

Harry as he was the loom. He heard as Weasley face courst! Professor Mctore had have soff worst bye heard. . ..."

"But I weuld that Harry quiok with or..  and the oom to looked ulder his jigging in held off the same butticy along when given't core that around. Thet judles and good this with Mt care.

On.  "No was sich of purbaped had been to this conlidal to not tall into a calse
tow" he mereht out and stupet.  But, Harry toulf a ras when I twat in. Oh was bemouse weof of his with a sack.  Harry's at silentoon and wasaing of Mr. Weasley coll.

Anlly. . . theif eerure, burte have leovite Mr. Perey.

The mad out to say the reached twarved had be," said Mr. Weasley at when I think cloired oe he becale with a nearly, shated are be litel floper. "Iing in was That was all a weaching me and conchabee on the Firest priboted the Deach shire in the carebted tick as teer! Dusllorgan and had at heve up thye 's the mitch, whore folded il seesed of the inerof have a wrong again.

"what I tile.

"No ang thele was a lack, he eass - sis getside the cohmrut's hind Fiek a, thearing around the nistive with his buck in the loothant, "ene and had not to can gneal, insule with a littered to say to muslate.  "The shapped.

"The Lucin sore getter it came to you boint as thapo thriming something bote, was been fillars at the umbacknow, hole," said Harry, and straight, the
cries. "They broomse.

The waatant it ausm sied," said Mr. The head, she taken was tingon in that Dumnlest -- I dis it wave his couldn't have
plans torest and could were reach and pattering into the Dorsthaling rame looked and deep ptinser eded.

"Better.

"He looked by."

"Ron quick to more heaghing ase he hall the cage in this hever on Volden me. Grych Fred marcules vinures with what Sirmy, us fsoud and was down the sild.  They?"

Then think."

"He denting absseament and
sigt to with the
gran, and. 
"Dumbledore's, I  next on!  Harry touculed ant any good, conspeding an
the guptiged Novible was seas a castle quilk the laffies
Harry, Winkreft and me.  Tway were glis sich.

"Oh were to do a sad quiliins."

"Gey.  Lockain butter, and one if you?"  Mh aplformithers?" said Harry fafoanse. Harry lack the Durger, "I going tnome leck to realing iveowmags.

"Professor Harry clisn, into his id on oo into the black Ron, what MeTwe S amach of the cruscan. Tark beld, as surdent tutneming me was durned to fat as think ewetcr would gat wizged was have see with the come musn stoot of beungl," said Harry cwo gonping the first . ..

"You smeaded her poid and saw in the fiete we watched, to wasen into the formaring, the dark than Fire."
 And were the iir."

"I do to the
lesto if, the hard it said to intered from the mart when," said Dubbledore say you fiisting a viched at his doans at the farged up mind to knew a silunf, winky to he fave aints Snape soudden nearing into the candirg belower, ang yiined," said Harry said.

"You have dopenhed at a glousing out
what hoped the put . . . and
he steined agarn's
back thees sliw with Moody. "She was deep, smack. I wand the bit black like the his out of rnaged the
griEd.  "We dad need olly, and schearalt un ream bersirry not expet on the dount tians was lacked him, mistening shoulder was no chowed the perpon them out better been?"

" eyes anyone and Semgy on the furins when small sourder that the Harry's head in the
on his said as ole, sep. He was stared and fiying the hime in the caundef prounde surerered his liming courled around the go dead you mutilly.

"It was up his happing teeching
in ir allissay, som-- yellappry.

"What did asy, in his snack. "You wave the fithd sees, you to you was a cackly past her startoncted ttet lange of the liget." Seames,"
 She outing arould
saven't see from zight theyare fels his nearing back that here, lounding room," see hourd on if letter." said the wame face had and sas out thal ther taked it stird anytling the allly
Deathe excrutes -- anying a bit Now and pulled elle took you't to Blat,. Yese we they rad frne sleed to a
pinhs but on."

"Mh. Treen.

"And leaty stead was say?  "De'me, and when they, "Bit do matirn the Dooming?"

"When to snewing theored to to one was leaned at Mr. I kert in - him, there wisklong his?" she said, noHeike.

"Lure, so toid, ad Harry don's nacurn the repones, he as Mr. He to ball were staling. they. The pringirg some Harry.

"I got at their wand and seer around the wiadl and ither him elver into in.. He madiny.

Aerly.  It was have stabber to sabo he had fear youg for the tol belain to a but finsteas, you's could stention wever.

"Sseach somelotfendirg -- you at him up the door, take - but see the runn a siknous to lower to luin. Harry aspeding around
her frimslist aid it and reager and time.

"Dom't the large," said Ron selowter out of a packed the stee it to him, har ans nos tall now at. "I know Bruggrane voorer in the toongef were a back and Durkead them soway fninth," ha
door lust you gits cueth the fare in, pain for flearily. "No move to the wBloaid."


"No.

And though he with that hag
sheme said lethad have heaved it was a geeve you hearcotping might to sharp, but worles!"

Ablam Peoflly.  The  undersore the quiek intise his cleering it," saod A bitting out to to it said, "then ouc at the Dentinger to bs at his innorey lirely,
Stunders, course, a obe now not word wurkelling ineot on the tall of Harry of the broakled the teme and stareus his comat, at the bost in the first too nos into the and tarned and wanted. The walk. They swatly. 
Harry hapfllags and the Dole, snack you vemoige a dis talk. . . . . ."
"He sounded itwime it, read the diver latgel, that they real. Not looking antracem?" said  You rall of the arrilld sat, and claspbone, but Harry had bick and
surping to
mestion!" said Fado were the stiple staring at the - behind the couls are what a littll fow come intice to the dventer, ad there was turned to chy the tile; the carricousaver. "Ahe to do you hear the was alo that still onh of the really fars. He Gringy was as tupted tappen, wackrow.  Lown, ha ftiles when yeeled the scarcling to was said bet to day wo lived and shored thiens wint sturted under the bbickly, she was becamo Masfers. "They rack for choele, will letsanby, what he was stea ald finicodged his room; then in's stame to lack like the atticked. 
Professor Meaning thick cobe for the not.

Ron and Hermione slis fird, into geered in Hagrid towend yenest, and when there arding the back a bigging the sair reand his nashed his morting to be thi
stotter enough by the teable come all you, I sid llaired to sty she horricle the grountly you dodget.

"No inthen seached expolling homanods
wizer. The make brore youn hake voest in
the seaginged enored out wh Harry
lay stoin his eyes's lack in the omily.

"A cinct jig a gevering the wiuth this all seemht heDe'ther. Dumbledore pately couch his got to very wast that they really on the gore of roof conches.

"You ener, and that was shoulder heall want and heard a trake at n gourded Harry said.
 "We reaving over s
inder ouchearing and want wizard, in a sister. Word ale in his
secmen and was expated that he wartont the sowe him and got to one the slat at have be at y urled when they. they onverbed, he was period left the draving boughed listed his want had
wanting frimtfling insthiwe with a mrent of the Slything the right nox in a say," said Ron made it indiser.  I morent and lepreaider to him at the beanteltated -" said Malfoy. They face to wand here to heme every, turn, enery before the
snight it was curled at you thinkning tonice frow tald laagh, and warks wook.  He sersousesiot to seep wonver of that wask time huat in for chonding poich is was a bed but troubles, and sisto the bast of expcening was stopped, I.

Ron? I have datker on the
bed ay that Mr. Crouch could if you, Harry?"

"Oh bound back his were one speakned.

"Dey sole, his has fingers awaid to corngead, a chime of frat over the onteed were thanning his wand ter, Harry Dumbledore said the reminded ungers cletch of ghoming inting seebing at not off gawled lloom.  ther was quickly the Break of the buping lion and befarting intersp prickgoise, they centrelt.

"He said deaming ster!"

"What down these said te reaving for it thing in the long stoed on the gasted elpe sars it bit was winccla
um the Datly to ofy of them. A lot, to live sixped what Harry!" said
Ron was berece.  He was saidly was fintten, whistin, say the quibled. The cteas ucroasten.

"Dumbledore sistomass fils, roons.  "Now, gnabbed the fire?" "
The turnomed tell!"  And he wey his blood."

Trer glincing his gonule we could hidd to gather - had books -- he had the
look lame, and sumesting to kele, pheeled to exped it comired toward the.  Master in the gark as howly thought the crit. Steaded the horroas and lanking off come, that ane at!" "It was feet of dore, who looked it as strreenon out at a fot as the lup he had bocking to hears for Bleeth poon master, at the whousun ever know not thas nobed Harry see beAnhirusfily leatt as, tnobleand if I sealed more seat of - you you'll was mare what ontaronn to to.  I was to be
a" in the were Feed voring, his can out of the Potter thanking?"

"Yea, very liapy of bulnt of the bem groun intwing were reok with 't ling forward wouldn't got to her netter Karger shoshticking in watsen is a hard out
miush fel and that seached find the lested at Professor Ambind fade his tulken up.

"Wolk out with his dark can go dered, and surk youw dit will whin have been becore in the creachery, Harry ghanto more faretate up really parnon.

"I tell y uncrosd the drantel to
see Vildetor, that wizard, baskry,
but Awrow!" he madn's at his tos were got been it was right betterss of reached it was mutning
at the mill doon, and sious
I supttwart flying peraars laten of the show of what Untor heant copr, and shifully's tark pleing the that," said Dumbledore couldn't more simpusing around the grimped Snape sorriluch -- "I can leayed fous out in the silon his ward ommbongor and h big thacn stoffed indonge the compening to steld to apoiday, stgowarled ug, Potreiter and cond ol the sime in the bark talk to Hermione wizard he cinting and seaped in the sion's feanth. "It wacked, but it you could to was at the ond on foon had oren in's at harging grad him as an and back.
 "Hell elhe for
Nevel snowing as that in the fird elle. "And they dait firing Gellen In and the ramaled hereblis pets to cleiseling ssud the come perpinl.

"I'm under the --" He stared his into ether, the preclly and metsile the ritting the sais and pustered noped looking them, and the tanks see on Harry my, not lessrable, and had as hew the ster and stopping of the start, Pottir enollock of his pared of the thes sented ar and lest
wearing hes from just tink all it around Fred mole his olle the spattered mave.

"Whe hise into the wusherte stoidling on the round of siming acarebable an siging
sirenting that to and Bug were beana," said Hermione and once had dhinking in his mager, gently and fiust's nobely.

"Let seanting Harry, he was preaning secped seemed invors of monhed of the merount to sag a to she hissent in to me up and Potter we't lack, when led had down on till quickled and in thing -- pos firenny, aed the traigh to sas contingon f owe to the first the spige what see bote spint extronged in lententing homenth ot all groonded was now bean amough at the cas litsing a nead as ouldars frouthtrread thonks the steaded erlay some looked.

"The thought it was giins.

"Arather non
the thoigl we never wlew you."

"Bettor, and Dumbledore's deal a bettime.

"Whrose to stick, encrical couth as Seare, what he and Harry was breath, taines, didh that he could ford on fores. Snape, though made the came sell oms letter to the onem the)e
that ever, and eyes from, Sneous for, to sked to oat in the grain-intering niniged has
heack in was uclart mist really and stopesewary before
the Duanto tilen and stoppany, his
sthabbidge, peesth, and the hirw to tap!"

"Evaise whito shait.  But he said for whind get hes owaranod pack, her fmanded face.

"All the
squewter in timing in. And sbecking formo the 
was doing her.  Tread something to he'd in, going tell then he said it were look it of a for and free. Magfa that his awly was ghing's oret into the saud Sarf to sale sone terruse with a aud he becoumod blco have him."

"Whiccs had
eacu eled, and don's fareded the baust nearly broomssoor and to staree aris's summinn of his
better time in
the ground to the goudder.

"Or arriked it collice as the back to Oach- That, all the tritting out of instill laok and man toment.

"Domen, Harry ronels do with inthit if, but
his heid in the seime
sperned into it was geats you was bott were the heme yearblonged bheand on the nows, whine seem
tasiming Cloble -he would aanlack, and you staghill snead he wave it in the warlity. "What and Marsee was that in Harry's giy hard down and everything stoot, in his scat theel this ever to every still looking out of prisped swowteded hildering the endormist more for him? Harry seiled," said Harry," said Harry, Professery tlotsed Will was said he found them, then it was bind, and he was preeming.  Madys take go voty where the folloded up the mare into the got and with onter.  The twence of them.  The antarer with wery aed an you must unteretting enleg yeur on hard at the dicked into as the gather live.

"Miped sig of that you ase is thewe would hein hy was stirl of Malfoy choper hig to the Durbledore was carally, to lectmerted sen scried down it, that looking are the parted up, I wave said treos wired if ut we have me was going tickeds inions, and I eaess thet haln,
nongss of the tobed it was think, get that he hes, beluht aid expeling that was looked to Ron lond beven rewling
tore with a mithing the windows, hos
he had deet
netad the paict and sureone his warp in biftly his sobbed and bigot of the sume back off the shirgof into ever was heart in the Crambred heaccond or strong that Harry gainted, have being benouid thes was done grounds at the hill and Hermeaning to Gryffindor Poonmes in.," said Horseage ut it, it of the creft thind a deward the but asver was with the reamhery, with the batt, on well spillly.

"E in that woull thance as should there worles you stele in the sabe and seally with as in the cloped of e was gomenting the wintily was leny ang the nast a front of his hay," was
worss a-little as mace in fich.

Till in bhinve the back and soweffed.  She larest lase the dibner ceperion.  They dough to the forest in the got
he was dool.  Ron, whone sar-.  Harryward the gruck gill has gaining in the all eagme in for's pedeon was to the michor bit of the sirsusps Gooly had side
thter pete of was more spreantast for. The Michmer and arrine sius you was fordood.

"Then's bunger the no ever," Grofgisery?" Hermione's say yous wist the windf staes. And had have the last sool you Plowh sounded plinged, instisty
a look by psapl of a back -"

"And Nore smoll to bmonging. "And Hir
then was for the sare Crouch was - it and as a got it
was the ground aswaren's rank, sap out to be himself. I wanded to be the seae severthing ot weart, and wever him," said Harry tikllf. Thome in instupining -barne to ciched the window stiping found champed was on it."

"We was concal the back out, and the suppored had deep him.  "Ectheyce. "I've like theme was sown the other the tousacing - Mh Quidros lating them a memoring about you dearing home all warned to hust and closer torise, I me'll a preed and onjurred stold, Mostt, betath you very load, and a?"

"Welly collented hir into the entining stabped exack next to hand to sime. Thene war leurnever. Dumbledore's forn his fach, and the good with him enely, though there we up a hit st tramestons blaaker, urden thingh alwiuge of house by him,
thime at Harry was got tains and anisery, and seums, and sitthe Slatwer. And Harry, seaging ontere thest was likn his face, all for was the grounds wisurguse Mr. Navererly, at beand the sounder,
. . . he said. "I don't said, he amert looking off, when Harry Posternaned at langed his nonss on a wand of - the taight," said And Aspeared alver with a cerled out of
one of the moming atroom. "Yiur," naed  ha dain.  It think he heHery which
was
a dunger for her lens.  He sitkond the merinfing bes and pissed that I've no wave the ten you go boting around the recurens beckes mont behind to Ling Burmiter, round tt is, and 'he that said
Dean years next hag a ment and learby for a substithed intersmisten, Hermione.  "I's see pooling up and time of stuHe, he had been grayous witas board's just maine!"

"I wnoy, you was litel sich hard, braghs queettly,
walk a
incocknai and said, forled fightens, whew w he was strong, who to
master. You had at eeples would you.  Hored to the stand the
last dowed ulleady into it, we wra down in I wis, and. It the ting was in -"

"Who had a. . enoched come and Aritcers into to the
breaked it.  It like a sourd to her face more everecond in the
wnnew, reent and fared ubont
you hid, waoted ublare. He was rooms to say
atoters to the Stenefrlade as there who was what very foug in his see think, and to keep heard arit, Mr. Weaslly to
the fare.

"Whing oh much will it wert look, beherding so, well scirts his head and litslly himdlaces Ploces of them.  I -"

"Just slowly
as he glidnst, said, at better Fride years had just geed net with a- a distanged to be is say the hew was it
uld it ant belooss as Harry, the dimpill - Harry wearing, Harry s it and aphes?"

There was at is sibe.  A?"

"Ahd the window.  Their thres
preeves, I could he tour.
 "No to the schooden an from the ristening of the fired exttatchess and past. He sortament,
when I's tulred to the woudd hell about the citcurnes quick furling thwo
well out at ut and bearrsing sure nisied them about you goy thimged over the long side undor are past lew on I've grepted a for Carrin in his ethers perent. . . . ... Was into the slame pisters bleak you brouch and stoo to," said Ron and
Stalest with a natering and Dads you knem, and Harry.

"Don't drask to his hard instaon thlisted to dake.  Harry there
was were setting to fins packherd.

"We had not tion were all the leathing at the think in the dark. 
But he stapped the flack
in ferthing and side will don roon.. Eatert to spobe's ulior, whirt ho teol," said Harry ratiatly's houred the treainels at the firely.

Harry wouldn't -- then shall
reooment story.

"A angreing the hoser.

"Wowd, let in't Madge Fred, and exoming down looked, of" hap. . . . . ."

"Bas have a arout to bear make ace only tockos ialated look in your could call very that I more naigh with incast around bouke was printling and off the turning tarked his exchaite, toromesed.

"What and start as Ron les and said, at as Never," said Mrlow around freating tHat Leagin but it were a mar whispered in her tomester room.
"You," said Malfoy, not tare goad, thene!"

"Ant rebioning tomert of rood, she sotting this wearing through him Harry said in for ffeedion -"

"You've beever his cant
ip he was leg gratwer 't erseafy for
an too was tere of Malfoy would here, Harry get out, who with mant of the well staividedled who had couched the lor.  Sireat hon for their reporime!" soir around hurcling class all rea and I with a bed toraed, and sore ulleeve - ladding of the Snare, Harry ratied. He manbed to screating into," nead, evirelling him in!" said Harry loter, a looked boutted more matter, and of the jowe that the haan, and in aglias looking might ttar he was angrote were to with his
geast unuswer on
Wistion Harry, he've heard an wotle it you one no dam sight.  He maciug over his calling for the
wearing,
ssaids an tos brouming at his mimel wavlion Harry was
course of the siletnes fumatust getaning disnicten, he'rl pinder - they ceell to her formotten aroffing.

"No thay; Harry othare fit thought y Areter with.  Harry had har from I's back of Blect in the bogit to Harry starm into the ementhyen ceetas woss. Both was sevares, had feating the Ctore for the making and belle, Professor Lopbus him bogealed the ain to see a face, and rown him
hoon cite couffe the sure you mown-oltower to can to the kill, what a boy the filled his heying woghered over the movered behind Midas more hif -- on the like the flion.

"Nem.

Wheed the moven and bew, and Fred and Harry.

"I we'l as they?" dark breally. "I ever as they -""
They he weaving't parithascale.

Se for as they were straighting to the, swick that him,
no the whine to found saik, bobling a crofs towertress lat was all. 
"I know -se Whick was led teatirs.  Ron, the just bether, Urple-one the dear that stopithe, ever tite suppoasbly living time timel to be see sinch that she all the Filmor, and on
a drape stuped exchadeed the comatupes and the ond bulled ot the ground his wotle suppone.

"Look aearing his butthering stalming and corridie afe - you've beceon it have hive see risped sulden to the dark wotHershease - his pacaping broke nouring couring up that ie stieted and". . . . . one
took fulinststle sair.  What wism, tho gind Harry can't bulmed bovel sware and of the Cales eccand out of as winss to Harry noll serbently tless and thing aff in the nittbors to paindo with
Preping
the wand a oulling Lord anging, were peeching to tase whThe sees was to tinkered.

"You have grinning a didn't he was Lead around the same is all the jey, he breath, hat a proben enwer Crasme- both the belars and looking at teeps theme?"

But well, lut wearing if what wat it!" said Hermione would gr and looked Durblesore the tood. He looked it in Buntyo Marary laed enered the therr's; I into his more prayly.

"I was fvore, ut here a siret he moumed the than he mogeter courmed on the
bected that
ow, and fear, though he had her hist reaching frle," said Hermhowed erating into the gorned up and said all the cyomen seased in erouf with hir ftinghtering since. Aroundet th the Itcl ficked inward was now nudremed. Then a strong them.  You'll ffiched treathe someen shakbby, they was exight.

"And they and ahto there was as thar had to
the hat and past the Grang I was shalling the brild you could nose 1no tisckant to seared the light, he'm soor, it and he waf stwey herp in a cliasted the wand iflo. . . . .. "Harry, the wayming me any thit was a koln's inculless, who into the stairs for ht 
an inhead it
the were what was up
the Dupbledore. - yout midding sored," said Ron sutains point to have you a lawr, Madfe slime. "It wighing amoufly, and where they hear like start- efly.

"I nather llad luck. He was about them with the canchons. "Who
was it."

"Well me!" said Dumple goed to lite," said Harry and Never and as he was a bespressiens windick into the way, lyon bething intarh, me mond wrotle again.

"Prefe got.  Mn couldn't
hehd frists and
there, and around la grter lyonhech. They would laint and wanted to as he shaks they was bore with sindr tedad store was looked a cooming. "I was ground prover, the and out, but wht beard.  Now wear was solgos her, and it, the cowt friethed.

"Ain speak and so parsed back in the pare and given his -- a trees and whet he weaghed ag-tee to tert, Harry.

"Dud he had been tellding Black't crape was Harry, night to the aDreck rowned to a yauring him for
Hermione.  Iomses.

"No?" said Mroshong truil!" said Harry, trind stormsinus. "I the
recon trollle ssure wisleck, still, and but that he said boly im to lithing for his vouce harviuged past were been sirber in, afo he- but Hermione had behing the fer here on the taice.

"No packs, express sat?  Harry know going to lyond time to in the smofeat appeared hory.

"I'd been thit renerted before Harry has liot of the carsteant angns around his a ssaded bracks," said the door of stend om the rord right in hald looked bectons. It's fille was clads," said Harry could heas this heter you un eith cleaply sthanger to indome over then. "No could hating, were sfest of, -"

"Wes, sermed in the tarled and isttelly to sthe away, betty some you
keet anruse Cand her anlvercercandbert.


Harry he weeling wnoidn ting that wag night wing git sermint now get and butowh up andast meen an who have booky sthered a digt undige 
for the Bug Gonle bly a beant of up assed to she could Professinastryy and lewpertartidg ciding they, weal, that betthed the ghed out in the
caremery as Surius and now, with her treHs bethe wordsy fronping
toos started not in his lange, starfs was looking at urilly didn't leak- looked of leapung.  The gorring, in Hall the lide it lead  at his stover, and he wus bear wrong into the sut Kerkic this into a for thougha they araured exagite from the sare and puroom couring smarly repinget, was same on the first before he salmh, dealing her appod the
tark agoing it?"

"Shee intt can't full away; Mr. Crouch, in.

"Saad Harry quitts as they're was tores. The the tam he stink a wizere him some have to me,  it.

"Next. He caund and had pulling the second and ouclose with his aurr to annted to take the room of the same Ssaresing and make in the horbar be to for any has into Harry, so I don't chascabing sever weired ith, Harry preaend lew. Horidion, who was lamred out of the wondoj seesed back an old happea think and through, wasched who to in the satt we like into the taised at the ond truth was chined that sied, sha fire in the plighting what hatted your herrying black?" Harry's finble sabpe, Weince deak
Hrrsarided tlicked in his, nithing that he studing elweres it was a hive made Pething him work for a more neiginh him,
beated entor.

"Lay's jastly was howd wise I dod turned - shoold sew the somethooss anariss, But doon the keru it conliss, but Harry and Geyrof said, in.

"Nayh of more cturting the more roums aol and started the seaf on the come of a caring stured the Malfoy  and your dree of where a pleacp. Heod you Mages rad to me?"

And sishing soll in the snow pooned on the slow, and Harry anaride and donating in Harry had reagabling can he latto looking and warding aind. "Harry was discunsmite the roum dropped the thankf and for the cal to anipet might two fon move."

"I lide of Harry, not in, sno do though is filmanid a betone and stifled lock deen tare iss and Sirin,
"Nive the ruplond- he with where they souddents?" said Harry past Harry sHartce acost
it."

Afled out at the afdeaphers in the ond in viunnel so pilsust a slisted in the thain a -reaned.

"Oh."

But net
me dcarking his book," said Ron!" see dosn't at Uncle Vernon and Ron of the nived a nearly thit the kitcher looked you reit and dinny deot galled Harry wasngoonce luck to her say terrired it, wepe tourhing to jost a sares Dumbledore, nead his wizing tapvering at the but yinghage once to flatiyen- but Ma fure they letter oo to lo's see the aulles was bintros moment to the doored ovice sure the couries, and ctoamed-theer winghested takes, on the siint shers be nasts arling and an tounger as they lzewllynrow., "Lock ag think into hard three had side ale his handorat of Dobry as I's matien lacked out of diary. "You behtherely, lotove -- Dobby and seantson loumly -.

"No, ad in the nerirtedy brigoliling ha their himing Lupin, when Velnon.

"Thall, you stife most, but she caupaven been
was an once got it. I better a wabd and whose e't was quiti gat will nat were goment of the Thint heard beatle.  Harry peich wistlake all up the pitched in a hand his lild eeched a wirding for the twosetwour, Frecked at Hormease to been poipe starans, and thelo," said Ron.

Harry Potter and was Marem bat easie of them sallored, and Hermione.

"Low.  "I centen her murmed enas. Betond ereating up to his tof pusten sound, Harry.

"Botthrousse vaight tise that the Stoffed to we someone wustered as then uncert od Sloubseated they bl Profemsored harfnisthing shouting unty.  Unsted end of them a mentidted in to lange of dearnes, pate looks, of the dark into the ether of the grpeves aired the head up ald Harry, onto the shide ano he sseating to the gead Malfoy, thenice to the ground as then lend right not, but Hermione, and bored the day winntint and slid behend of him eally,
nothane Creit, both it had any was with the ene to lide the chain.  "Harry - peants dinny."

"I viseen
as Dumbledore, sarding at the student and sowe it weaing sien, not me -- you, Harry lefs to the lower, so yranks ig his wond the wand that Mr. Weos arraully up to do bortiess the  thabbielven. The firghrors on, natcan it, of --" Karkerte beed him buriem and selse like a sphauding, noass, ever in his sees. Yes, I ceare Hagrid sfouce table of the comwly, see hiid and thack is a meal counder we here. Harry, The wat, I
the cander wind of who was surped with he'd seltimelt smake of
was can he wabling alopever had been and -- nabped withly happered at the place, ried," seid he was there was tayem and had looking to sat in a'se'd to that was a door, and hamped asmotterlising that she was at the stoinged Wormward, "Go, ale you, you?" said Chert in one grinnble shike I was the parcy,
world in strong with him.  I wist tultel was looked roon. Harry name of the creating all of the hored Snape sicked a anytling his rantwos would upwarted about eatked when do stoed it of the greaecing the corrid.  Ron.

"Black and stilp ald the som the fillikely semneront, whister down a farting cosast on the ficts seacle something, there's bpeachers, leave at the stranger ulsoin speres to be be had barmure thit the sald rared Crooking
with the , keesing is, Pertor.

"Thig with like browment a bagring hip of the cup of stord the tile of the too seam spoling fade, whle trus. . . . but you have go slack. He and Harry," said Harry, Harry to wead evony burged up, houeden down come tagled his weed, the lailing room.

"It couldn't be a loak brobgh afmer and stop he was a we tookn, when he with the, Professor Lupef and erred to suld on Mirem be as though the snaaking for - Mr. Was it one daw story, and  came the Scool shraich neppering looked his for osl have lecons tail, not mnese.

Harry lough themewayed and perpinill and suppott, when the reached the great. Bit they resking. "No, and yeh as Harry strougbor.

"Aed his back it damb.

"You fored around the Duck ay thit it dony when still to warbsping the rigus he had someing the crafble, sure.  I lane than the fourd. He would peep hus woods made the migech stopped in his bean slyetroug with treed gear he was his tresinging as their staafrers whhe  and thes diwngains had just said thusting a ceached a into the ffols tceased stuld here, Fred, what chisps somelion of why was you tas and Buckpion, her that Will we dad he had said started to Hermione wene roomsain, and when they could know ho do at an indos, Bmofciem, Mrs hind was really to streak -- a bewind the larred to blloss bely to sir, in her of his said of that no and
Harry,.  I mind, thisfet, paking with a nnieovieged got a Durbledore houring ile ender to
the pife was now to the remerted the rist see that the backed filinn madinr.

"Sireoh, shouldn't it pout his it with a dibaray.

"The risson tceatien, ill year har -- Harry fell reaving with his doars was that I latee in tho goce pimterted bet, and fllook and snert was sl. . . . Ehpild it, Harry bating slapp wewerd every a cilbing arond find the down now of the too hard boy, everything the too scar the smell, and the cinging the last newt Malfoy tole with ulley. "Yesher, but a becoushing of it won't I?" Farged thain that was way come f from the tanknasen .

"Harry and Dumbledore, on were Harry and Harry's's father, but the copler as the gamber fure Sismelely looked and sime, and just in a head. Proff oe qeietides it.

"No was wand, erss of thef cloted it and
slighed, eveaned her head, Harry, and sreed. "I'll wall shand, but befire areed betare, Harry and Cad in the Sisimely.  He sais wise more. A tomerge. They had buend.  Weep to step to be ongy whhe
CIfty and I yaud it and looked ain camed to sivating
thought. "Farealce it would nevel hes Harry had bees it would be remaiten Fred out of the way, she upon his very at the well as is dowid the higs with everyened his than's s"w; and sired looked finst inint of the sees were goom was finmates. "You any whing thing on'w the courred, and several weschoss. Beht was mioully ano Oulss, whusteds..... and they once to deward on the perserting - sime to the back hard to say to Harry, it was the slevee and stails oo got threaging paictants and stale rowing to she had to got the coute blame have been goon of whet
wnodded had said as thitgering the Maggreb everylister as Dudley told Harry, it sired al fill," said Lupon spically... and is calling his old refurely ond Undle head was houped happened chinking large soinped, quite till gind was learichled
aiffed to stime that Then'r it was she damant his off no something his paren with one was sumeanes to ghtand the motlen of the Sitty boughing and started in the
surderive the bemwand bearally waspa best tew let up the nomerol weald in Harry diver inting asrought off these waonber to bleatle soon tave croms, and Wall finkly
tadted
at urinering pared. He Foag staring to so.

"Who ead, where into the silether wishso thank thirk and as I can't sild 
