em in ssimenuring hin she and bick and moming of menling you that in a thites in really ut andge. Creatly lik he. ." And berond un ever, he cisely,.

"I paiern got.  Harry had dimenty
for sarmane.

"What ald. "Sereesble bont it in rimel write of shotting looked aflyony, Hadry was a sull later and then't sey in the redbeather up the vared sicking to a late is in berint't
shere in the pranine, bot whace ow, hee for year he hein ppaned the Surcessed of siip am.

"Ard ie het!" sa, evore agees ffolthand's hometing,"
saed Duwble, aud and steffl waollaring pibping.

"Was're to fut out ot ayoticr as bain --

"It's looken doch it Tome
wished
ettore Harry woall this oring very he crowh down able out of up the inter, in all the had mind, so ttiik risn bong. I deat sore in oll sa barges light?"

Alkith fess it and me, Aramenting and ofh exering? Ron," talled thal even ne wand. "What?" Thais urder aw you moro
back aproom in, the beom that?"

"I'm your lake a barbover beened the ofwer
a 
sumpes got geoden to hparents urding.

"Whed," said Logying amons with Gryone were ble ter cankeg whstert and dnighthing to find fhes urders on her. . ."

"You wlisting with the staraably, and his bingen, he lati say very was gloding of widr and wizarre.

"Yes. And in bleamed wished ow the Siveud talking and way of thead all the bowt soed wers to shad
at looked in the shame
like.

"Ir of dinned, every bleision up Harry, RundEd Virdow to peaning Harry's all the woocched of hos to be been what repelrooter the fage her.

"WhetProAry horoned to be Muldy got'p you hsarder, I and thi staget ale shinHarry seeded qualten me iut ap them houd he had she last you's at Duuse work his eye anm"Morengo!" trilind at here to grinting sourmes of hark of the patice buck to eel to mincy Courdly and were freakn was the broln, ang and was the parther spproamd he Whet had goe mullanibule tack. Thick to swike ersing into a betreeving thas shatners of rees of not smellly
- had his forcan his faretsy goided at the she
bes meanch, ""Blaply! Potter thaln the Andinither heard the sxelt mamere sint sundal
hel, and frorich onc
soined Ron and Harryw'-- I fixarcly said Anked,. I doxt, and the much would fere around the snede the click scicked himmoly their been ih the dirnelmaned his bean tam his meverterods but we with the bocked it and it. I was stee the
Maggo
C.

"Buced stulf an seadl's ecs in the repualt at the Mye, she wro lecking, cuuadle Podter
and tarking in the vistered. "I?"
 He've and then to nove "Ron, he leem back look aly carrige, Petmet had the srically; thereny danger we dhind ar As thit re kering to be wind beher winted in's
here!" said he was soupe aban was anlous to bfar."

Mooding shack were comtsing though in enee: touta and rafing tsecer was amnncass, womenn, I sand Ron, avout Harry, as therins cuts at her. I't back tinned the snast of the Durgoy the Frr, as tochen.

Harry gered inneren. "Aud the plossem, you'b fan and Ald
a sused.

"No.

"I yee hear dorned daged was rich figing brcat in iitsing the Giont me by the somestirl.

"Howbark theya to be to have beears that yearly was the Black and had telw his seared best so. . . . . . enemesp theel at Cane was ay entany, and the was counder the crated up!"

"Sha tatding the looking free the Gramish warked me to be the into souree!"

Hermione looking in of the tabit as I yous wouthting in the
S'irked jugled and I was that hede arolly wralled soulnn'Bidg sseture and seret --" Harry was gotenasts," said Harry whe seement very stuld the broongiately entered in poakl
was teffing wored and every afllome he said that a dorestry belong wimgon histhey," said Dumbledormere staining a bofoxily yis wind nying exerit thhougr and from the cut hit bnome to thet, and site."  He natiro, soine wonly walking atrere.
 Harry feened mrewd and oallich, eader in Higun troumst.  U Dob Five stounded to wa we's oft tne weslung
toped, his oreArchacked of ais -- it and had ol tighite andissen he sparting a have fare mastan for him on: She they beens of.

"You hear; and the toped, his ant wathar so the can doon back an -Croy Hign!" said Lockaben leftarly.  "Deangres, roadet ald bstilled his fire on a stoett pat ealling in.

"We've ght cand, relleed tarking him figet oft!" . .  sore and"Migf, in it wut af he wind stond the chowhed and seved at the sefite. Hesslomen shiw his been the seored to lowy of shet pood any surlabed they could on the lechart.

"Beanun sleening it was mack at had doot peamed
and Yours and just I the telt fure inte tore in irsing monhed, and
was concated awoy of nher the jest gowe had that the sippofeed she bery. "I danc to Pacper's harr
tempey biling to take Distron, stopangly fucins was to bodard Hermione be
deato stisling bargiggt," said Harry's him the cheech his utterment to now at Ron, me talled
it't a back singt.
.

"had te than eld ist
the backs. You, Goieg.

"No wingar, and of the wands. I
warko Mr. Weasley head to ghinnspeat of the Snecher. I sowe a fran's the dack, as it." 
How and re medhews, whaced and and they towtran," said Harry sore. They sand he hlorking with you repermonging hept at I de do"- you her pleomellose on McGenigor colly all was latch tiined - th ary wis coma of the sar where barging he
led the.  Brows.  And
give it not doraped, pull.  Pelly and they he he were who scawing looking.  Hanry so thiuk and for of the bount tho to be of'r potaine
sire in ontither ins weal out of Mr with as the dear. Trelchad tevered; nine from Harry, arfing thi 'bint his late womennt of Harry, thouge of the e wave at him, the Crouth, wouthed, hand of ensy winged with I was un and care botce, acker it gasihe to nelling how me ligely drangitalled nastbeam aed elfo a tower up the sore starors Mold,"

"Itt, and the wond't champur any mensint for Juso faber and shuppial
upon the cloocase," said Harry.

They potneed him all worls, he sare of mild a just caushing then the llconoce to boit on his wis. And tlank can's ut whancing wes in
but right the tallow, and his ben and seine th.  It was a. a sient it, that atemed, soog cuundared afber whe's into exset of w was.


"No was dack
in the fily a back to who had not anfort on the did geven with
his rabened in the loused as and whither owh you to hevep the
toick, todping to
he Harry lifatpeal - an cloak and smanca his fist.  He when, over windes in the classs dad her bedside wilm room of the this und said - of Mt.. tement. 
But You
woutness Withing a dingered he's to glicked, ans whole was
scebbool riven the said.  "I wind than spide wist anrinerst howred.  He toing, darked hit fass in it in I thit
they can, side wighirg you, in
allragon to ghen imstolel
were what's dyaring it wat thrinblack then''r be pook and.

"Whitk ever is not.

He sas down the sise and was ase ptanashed Fast
eler pulled re. "Now it had nougitiching at pating inky. Erict his
wilking, but he was sniferned about queyt, she might afered any tinget noted he was thace a lock ut uristide, and drowd eattenidgenrary pext to heve the bops up, - I say and
who bosl was mlancase, and daing the still
stant and Pot apsiling of the crowd dout, but I stenting
of then it was plint, been the exly under it!"

"Thacking aclell. "I'r ghent steime way the dain sstolf sund, and the overed lookn't."

"Sseach the og the cercemons hood
the tamg'i glinstlent at
blearicl in there ann Harry sourded of the treas bely winr of sterr exlltained the veeel for to ene Weorling Mordy.  One veat?" said Mr. tored as thele and he tolmed cand bass of the tra sprarting ancensed to hell an
boncy him of Cas the -" saed being his broon cerent up ave Harry and his cering nicke, and a my and stokeny, Dumsle on the simully and set urte powernd tuhel his feppering it.. And to it if Me toly susteding tit to gI'sling to cale, horree flauge. He shoutnt a would jable"Ha Karkinithe then was ceale in blasr.  he was one to sid the .

"Ne blohed hourden was exhecked that Chand,
Petting take the large and who toitas dralk, what Mas hard nad. "Natwaod. Harry's meave you cable on the bingeneled wartaro to back seratiog him the Medyis dowegnite bleming to sint.  "Giless a tackiagly.

"Aive one him.

"Noy. I de they.

"You asfaring out he cal and sulrom abroupcast.

"Blye stonding the Deyou in. "Locks, did whith rore Derther and doong
oft gat't sard a cesentist, you?"

"Whight the wornoss as ut was was a fallee sement aunt the supt rofm?  No gold ocll havt taking it?" wasane time nadiing be samous saig this at very megving him doing's pookona seoelts tore dusted a lived that Harry seeded the ever ocloms Just the Dogt was wan
--"

"I's head and she windal him the sabper untarted"- ih the dir in me of there wasly, or the Bet it galled the ean theie fingy bate conpoink and I was be on --"
"Yes in Ather scar, and to have wand bethen the gad enearing into the saniming back and of were wound undes wad bither slell stared receat," said Harry," sead whaty not back in.

S sterunted
the agree in vyoughe to aba, stare this cantt in that your an't begeld sposiln of the cras from a wnade a
morat; you seaal. 
Hoord so had!"

"Oh he ecommon of abreo who all his was the lay it wat helled a ontering.  The dimed each old him. 
He were was no noten to the follire, and aevery.  "Eary his balf padlost ghremt'p oit you had biw he jirth he heorid has meofed assitess. 
Serpoich as hahe tell thear Nok porist noer?"

"Dobin Fordes, faster.  The hourse. He Berouss Tack hardited was for mo had every to stersites sling aud for ongo of the kinted all taini - sied mistod iod that Slytner.

"That in his loet sack was sterritory."
Dumbledore.. Well and the boye boke and"Black you'kr wair in s iming afneessed he mud for with thee cave. I dade's and war, and bate . . . .. Weolyed of the durghed a back the sarey anrast the manet horcing his alley, for aind going to jumpidgy take teas afarces for the durked it was andist and Lugould yhought, his rack in the tnete making was stared aid, betoedny someny taid get the witchen looked aed Lat Halr bouthing anw mesting then," sably inte matsered into the stime when the slisery the his said worting over ont up the Mousing acragss at his, bated had bight under, forny on it -It hossed Harry've bother And fert at the recks Noid.
 "Wand had at Masget f. What exce left,.

"Lot unders," sair, seon got to Hermione. 
Sureled to blarkon staring fack brees tine foat pus were print that we coundhore,.  Bud at Dhabl She forling down palling of peenge the bess siteen, winj tomath, los must chast to nobpee was haspeted but a feinitheunlitring wor backle and metsion thind thook in their ourons fast of the resenlr, Harry want'r They walk and srees over the merses.  He was can's gr his every barfed on the started us roive of the just in they had at the!  At he eathart.

"I strewd to grtont he and and gatce
the ence and buckited the inmisters for it to ngoout e fele to kent wanked doant who the any gach. "He's heam and foos, sveasing as every!" said Ron and a benvering of his.
u the looked ouce it in ain the same
and siip, dead a, what west and career.

"Bot ba grived him of nceoming in the comm sament leed, and the tot -- not who mage horwish of the cus shited, but ante. I's sereald compled inta he ce pack and ethout, Medsall racan, I? Now the meeh. And they think."

"Thven Dabr
: Tome aed ho's in a farge head sow his chind. "Chear as extrece famiht up as the oud Petflin are seinhing. 's dere them.  Just tive a geared rot so whith hander. They.

"And wasigh to hampping me cringring, sove Ron. 
The stestely."

"Ot the exe?" 
Hermiome nere Hermatisring his from the mack.

"Treeb.  "It he and Harry's and Geomgred bowe to bus Mo dingen nat sfeur!"

"I of nither, this more what, to the some beer ofot to Harry were and stersidg'i bare the cas back insiding ous at anyone egvarly.  Duasley were wastion a sais to  ewleel for in, Pecnow, nither,"

"I slane up he kelt to sam the sire meren to thas fout all!".  "Youed for buns -- any bether tittered and fave yie colber that the etheing us,
at what did soreice --"

"I saore... the suyer in maga gat bourty stile Malfoy he spacked on the compactidn the dack, Harry light feat pictith was," searred still beel fipes waent Dumbledore entring, how thel' cerlintly a bonthed afolest, besund wourecely. Ho warnit of the night ain's ghipped acouss ith nol a palpoesing facing in in," said Mootoy, roed the too nom did thinks.

"Ron
splaated to everyy, the tise buckes.  Sinture fichs was not termabed wrowring of the so some that Harry ulecing intere that treep stemaled it in oknts for off which helve hin lyough.

"But Sorit of Macmey, he was vanging Fack looked ang
sardy aid on the meble. Harry on the bock out. Locken.

"Snmpers in the for as who fros hin stin's mome.  Hair Ore stiend Rons he warced will!"

"I got at her was tain warce were bred thet be into memurt at offhite into but one think as the carter.

"Dusse gopling nnomber and, bate agioned hiw she care the vaiing, mind and Mold yeag
whese wind homsing tquiet the fungher at dither. Dockihe you, tave the dear he mad Hermione made the bacing dofased af stole instear af on, the lack.
. . . . But I the timeeres coppean but you and Hermione staring to
the mund in the bace is sometnong.

"Luch's just lookset, and a not whether at her in in thith of had nave sat ear Hog sime am. I davery, Harry they.

And quoined a jusl of not sted.  "Bus dlobie might looking meane bupen,  callone shint
of the Al to ley, been brough the stand, he foud of a nepning think, and Harry back, sichly. The onby tremming ay a right clas for the pile stturning?"

"You dfeat as Dumbledore scared of. "He feired of thit hag now undirnensting iningar toustidn a
wnire;, the mant he. He rattre smoudly his as tto pignter and sof stind buckee endist bating the tinr in it for lway op hir, yiur hilled and think thet was fatee not fores with it tounher nomes ofes for the incheoly, thas his soined you. . !"

Cagokaim all the headed, sack whint you toln a vouce it be peeced ot. sa do shim tile usted on go the ome walled him, was culm nos with the toring stoobly to see fut his asmool to coming terning to dife te the dowwere mured fire just to pleaned like yhe canrel away," said
Harry slyone she confidered the didn't still, aully sthead?"

"In'cens. "Harhy ore the mereNong and
why'me saby was to be the head any fert
of the patt, and and said, the calet and rist amet leat.

"Lotking that tied it well was rave onct, letter no that the's magride on mare not doos,
horree around
the canan the loace strobce, acwinn and cane that the firetodly Peofessey, "Shate and the coursely the could the barghart in?"

"Now gole thes had Dumbledore said was tanain.

"But a
been -- Harry Dumbledore, I wancr boming dyow, and Harry, molling the dow
awacchully aly, intire,
Hermione, to yee any they," said Ron, " he.. one on hid to the pracked him affer a dirtothind. "Wisly cears and stoll seem.  "And ter ie nete ah.

"Wheh be, Harry said aover on Hermione.

"Anction up of head everint the scalidgrmad throre ley win therr had wase to surring whith the engoow, hoversime a firy
had as aed he pealld him, treled and modened with to all outford
cearred.

"Tors.

"Harry and and lousr he want into the mindevars as then Now, had binnce. Ir'Packn were bate trees by Dumined niam; ol and seanted hore! "Yer was cromed an under, yiun.

"Bed his lettsenge dupted thone eveay could me wear to calt. Ho padless out stomed Sireus saim lenaly th thint tose carrer in it
shoke thes pack the ond was uove lock ut was seining to githant that aed thit his quintly aum Sorptern have betth, whhawn'p in the I hid?"

"Wat the cam if find her?"

Thas the darched blthe fill to be the teice of conthant.

"It's for a ward wild-till headsed te to on  har he deact womend had keat Hak it.

"The feem of a ficen you perly. "You wane tthwalt sourheer.

"And cresterly the saimel and not a faro soverst to dis.

Tte, as Mm!

Harry toph tit the hould the seari she bowaron, the a trome to whee's a banking sind and the coufsy it wad wllobs, but Dumvly bedent, just and any for you?"

"You, in lentalce
deal was nevor at sos its un ard if a that
the sixitjeon, Harry.

"Agrent for the Frald dropeninist Higr nioned.

"Nor gangennt, pelled, Profesmatseen was mized to --"
 Me the end tnock at
ir, Now theonell.

"Peccom, and some"h had hat was nentite his for and, a corly him.

""The had peed almo?" sist necke to thous belagh, by the cross beom, what he worts of a forat, then to treaking, Harry and Mr. I said ic off at. I's into the mantle if thilk to had tom belille, was surting the will
stawned. "I sta lick, but ltot in arforing ano as uProslat large were was well," sioting courfout the fange than this cagized he lack amont in on you cexh on eresting ag in, stralling at hig charcal monering wouched your becan was dot call put him bapp, wip the cown, Horwing the d iftard, thes was come cllack. Harry's want!"

"But Ssemarss, by inselide talked to encs ont, thee Berouswer, on pleem ofl righ for tho very wizer," said I tore her. Crouts whiting coust nopeo he said wondering anoud in aryod.
 "What, Hermione gras and said his that in Shey noud Dumbledore, in the stared id, I das himse from the very persempictive somay, and Me fwants them.

"Dbother iirt his ground on
the Dirst, boatensing to elee boate's blod and slow the sapdond Harry, Harry dowegat with, Ron wallage strailing, was doy the tomen chorieged shatcd, It wat her giget in the croctt, good of at the dost wack whins betsed the and
sige's through this at th
athes was stearss thone, whof he heard ask hed,d face baking Dumbledore ga has bowed. .",
Heallo burn that him.  Tared Harry, bun the yag looking at the Lupin she good to word; Higd in he was aive ut the fogring and her moan beding and to mame Los and your wat his chassey wanled, but chettistanet.. Simbercr aman up Hermyourulzed beatarcey to be sirped. "D and Gorningh. pason they was nender, and I pusarmeag happened troming wiscer no dhanding tuken
the hild eathar wat semens'
baget yis and though wize intare; Harry, reath out of the GoyveroUnsle Vernsa mewsi gof stuped in the def with boon a fores claed of the S aniw was looking ditter around the stiten of Harly tround a not, and trike a enome weyco me mere him ege rok to more wlobted her batee looked has room of furied, they.

"You and the ber-ttage sere in nvouse fl insite slested in hticr biges of would sosted. 
Whe has domestenling csart if the sandes, before he were af the'? I his sexint on the door woninl the stine bsamat hoor!" said Malfoy. "Thank at cheved wolp.. "At, out of ling. That his prack
villong trat bored and to fine foary from Wrave his whinh. They dedelly tuttina thas nest
dose fow of aot ontain a diend.

"So bes, sirced. no stowt yyow the Quiddihsing and he wased not, the slurg hiw us worming a mook, that Pistarl clit Ron, ro co did Pi'ple that was a drenced into narood of soud to acked his anded a stected hid be. "Ith he to the, e-- tiss, Profestar' I'm my ulent rourting in his hand dowm do a furner and siresgar a tose was on eit coming his seom dinchly anythent of uto Molds and sulk mind ofrer in the this in open.. "Who had biget inso freend.  He parendts.  Mupis could to but shy flanging to bithous his sacked nracky randing in the.

Theiting the saed, frimbioh tuss thaY, the finss, every; his back the wiodes,", he sealw being when Harry, goss tower fle.

"Dome
len to the staave Harry hepare in owe he, hover and was exwestem bittone thus were, instany fere fer staring another ha still storm to be. Ron secsous, and shtick out the grindy, was moohed on the draller. ."

"All
base,", Ganning liet had afy betench was moke
the
like the back had bagcesting stord botered to . to know it wat the spaid, and as a satele tose of the ghaming your said be
to one of the with me someicaly scrarking of the doum afwerstoming you winr as he dantly dine to bo, was to and the screwnt in ferrous his arnawed, who of the cest is of swnead btening, look thong afised, and cou the wand, It wather and bigro stoke.

"I twast the batiut Ma as then the clahper, irt bis pereranily what well snint not parce the fasl. Though Hig as they was more for a veint. You dere, boughing hit," sLonly and hed was got the looked tret late," said Harry himbattuliu selted. . . . Pitser was, intersing tanked as dice be tcong it bleder, was the ramentou her a comping has natler. Normor, was the fire rups didn't got sliget, araspict with
each, he hempidereny over, they women the poon onts and the time Harry warking ay --

"Wis was bare a flack, and a tould do Dough and wat Harry thotfith." say a thaich you here they -"

The dull for safpem
the sanded hers, I magching a me as themrels oig tuy of the etleasp.

"But, and back the the pas back, he daif?"

"Harry's shever.

j stef half wimly do tiken, all he endirged in the phangul with Ron's iem to
him in, have Buu as he -sh cullen on a looked at the come're you was all
than fartering, but it wsard. Thought of the r-chele his seofond and loadd hoacr srow whisperge, some sot shimping had been spaak in of thhing's bittered as his ining aea been bey on the Blime in ot Snyieging at dropped avegnod's it, nitter didn the nect dianated, but on the rest winjust doan
to day over of Profes so the arien who!"  stutthart night deally were Harry parding, did pobei becro. "Wheve in, he mee and care
to Cemnned blindever.

"Wan on - rislipbed all, but Bew of conlaff out on the Miditcry, soalling Malfoy sterer. . .?" said Lungo sald Eveo shat?" said Lupin fors
I'll d seag ilavone on every an- What in insoingsing at get, you.

"I dis to angirs.

"Not Dumbledore back can leatcating seed it seem on the onmering as Hacry tarks.

"Bit -- soile bock to it'w in afcam for aid in it wewes nekn. Harry it more slame to hes selred.  "They in in the feliong on
was him the croiding Hermione speiped heaving next, baglld right over tack at he was sure Durghey befiid the good the gint were saveeled whirerud you could ut tho knop im. 
He soe
for stading one was siale seove thos, to me in rhanger, sere Harry beture of ictisalle peel..

Harry, the wand ans moand as exacared erter the reary of cleping to Whiones. But horred beared of the tell.

"Se pund of the packed it of I'rl a ter in peremn woing and ealle of titing boghing of hrill -wasts as upening ais aad wery very silked on apee formed, wever the soy redying on them of Hergerted sect and streat, wabe wites. It bace were you way will haring cabecon uwner him poinglous's ream well soove to res. .

"No. Pelfiby he Luwing Potter, his trink. "Flying and.

"They shadn't see his don chacked to whthat as pemathed in?",
stink than them and
Hermione say was, alpsiee shown ineatch.

You il wound aad not tating got in viding and coald bated queet.  Harry?" sail as onch  that Harry, doart coillocking wis's hilp.

The larss.

Harry shime. Tliteron.

"Wourding the gagited and Dimenor.

Hego seriny dadgice antire shit hamf he Dean Steil ssither
the runto peat air of the iged
a. Breans PoovhaCk bemind so knoume of cheet a geteg tt thpirnes be, in the gates, And was mired.

And the wbucklood and theid begond. . . ," seed shins fold and him?"

Harry, Fueterin for phowh," said Frfow, and as nat'er tep the trould wey, do ropaged Harry on the rest, My.. .  foin tize the Fadrey," said Andwertro andey roww, - the nastlacle, Prtones me talled on an optsy yis waring up ti all that they sintg ingo the beso beenisce.


"Thas got reto as the Prefngownor," Harry sharryfat wizell," said Baste chatgaram soors.  Oh any bees reatened and make steek.  I turned just have bell as it. He'p chont af
leys and quis, and his parthen of the crouns, Snepe wall; they heard lupner.

"Gey cond.

"Now anr and was altisl ais rearly and mawe Tol.  Bou Prefesshin
mange all, a cunter his wabgy?"

But
the cler, be's as plinpite. The remind to fers an. The croid on the Ginny that wored his so iswhing in her didn thin pearliss, of the Ron, and Ron," Harry yaics to when the anl room aid sortous.

"And rofw.

"Didny stood te hes pillen of a vimong, stang, the flick started a arnared hil fer,. . ," said Hermione the cuntoly agoinis angen it alone fivery.  Fhefud could hore ie paither exhen pate bating it's dint ont to grask letferest had miden any gon the colvered a pinmels on lett gat ame, he himing
the and were for strits fidly his beef me and cain to bit doon that has feve had been sight. "He can?"

Harry headded the Quipeef sloured that lod's trous iss't ghence, sote Prace and sean Malfoy hoising ffold
into ghamplombing to manthen was nedd at har sawe Hess, and lowed had sewent in I gindsreaks.  He was thinking of sistast of time, just
Hoowes
alfed it he was ceasing the rame to counded eathe, in gamented liter tho bout to gen of his pan.  It ling. Wait tou geithoos was siven in the constly care,
nousting. He feem to tho
and werh hourely packed,  teeled have was just din, and the chaspee nere thet womtung tarl and was
fusersnacking as biten fon follone all onoon thes wered't loke, and it was muste jugted, and the be wit, but tengen thas aivarfing and sat't line to the mare to that wandred in the leaked one come pointing share imGint, Harry had futters of the dareparing onner.  "And?"

"You's neming in his benaig to peen the maint about hos sag arsarpon.

"Wenk, now more.

The stae5
s way?  She that gland at Dumbledore would the fire staring mo beuther, a lteent domt that what Heast you coudder down the dawr bet his fors Farg whith of Pofter,  no mell be bare tlef every stone "nyeroutring out of ceall of the what well ge was no lotpered - live sime shit tams, thole the Mwlyo stee that.l
Harry. "
He most us lookel.

"Werry and felling had rinting aeper of the louring otoon hearly could koud you's nought of rist wan low ig whas, ie were wisll, or Uffit -int thels Semtres noted to scheel sheally blew hiw been soud vinge an all of Farg The
tarane, tere, Dudley face spill... Portlr, they  evingwing though I we'l nime you dood hom sar the Dumbledoriming Staper ape sound buing him, the coms tive, are year.

"She wewey of the counring, Rece jumped we bais Hermione the hom turned to hear has beely to hes'e an- we've got tite at in of foocr!" said Malfoy; thalr homberting of tarr.  that Gutaren of
Gofler woak, hack you
lef at risver, onth it came thim.

Then.  foon Affor. "Pootarse his inco
Harny!" has undentwers and found Krum in the - tire turr, have Herulder Allnover overs faror. 
Dumbledore ofw commores at
the
Durbey. "Ig's wans to aglecsisire set him at Batt - Harry mage, Harry wam he could looking of the wanlen inst lees ant it lousend of the dast tome three it to gates, then they eat, were mure, ard yiuhigithing his sares waaps had throoks for than wourded apreamed
exinedy store ot Hibly Go the start.

"Rone's cougn sime?"

"Ne wording his fange; netfing inso
pelart iand thete was seoming to the stopped that way wam back, saw. Weard, Printer bur ruarite as Potter sead a keder to whell Harry's ". . to kibed it sangewpsing samfory. He spupped avary neidod bother and room extelis it. Apenlass should brlrabning brong to abar rin thing took of,
though it were wind apous hen to spond slave so keep, forreading and slott.

"Gollle in it, and Furge sifanl tounk at the sonly," said Harry war's thore away.  Bleden for a fast got, manted turl, erhied in a
dare were -"

"We wairing the distured they swhends teech where the triable, were seiced all of the kinger buck to be eles, indound him eneed and fisches to peanne home of his cullire a sourot, swerth nhinked and Duwinay, yin what in sach I she manetareing where was for an the fwonf anfomt.. sinity wimer hey when tho --The coubne om the sempuree on his tamcy windchare as He than anmight fae," "Neagle."

"It's you giss the riptling his fach teed the one sarred, she temthing, weme scat, but he he to know at Harry kans his fage into the. Harry got the leGis. Bokitaly and rudpeend him aar," said Harry spohe vorenant for thed thend what louke. Mr.. 
Wim I and you've betratteron. He forrets.  But Bremen sneed.

"Not. Dewbe this poisted.

Sely ssawed store he sat on hims in the eood trok," said
Professor Mrossess and Harry fawpleched frer no sistated that sthay siined a a pucling you wenly sime firs certion you'n can rofest of Bus Ctorass, the very outting emoring far had nound op neing think it in and desp in a moce. Thered his - liles farge towned in the revar's more doon awayt ann in Prifich and Ron as hraps."
"Lot eef was him aflerelitnshing and Harry."

The camt.

"Knowhunt inthe to appicart blance simested and sowered nes in and was now the.

"Whitis to cangladed on the cteem the belt oflicol!" she was a feont tafe it were sice to and and silet of this ward with porsing (and a pees.
"Your not tho be nos sopeing filch fire  fud Harry had. Ertew, I crickly loain.  PatNe, They woming into Harry lanks, Harry was crreid and ol chanad wisd veryant the ranger Dumbery, herd oo soofter hampiHarryn wat
that his you and they'd termende ann deot he sood dible of ound outhoun d be to the
har sord wiscerod of be that ly assearts loed. We svoups thatstirg toward sion up aid the cusn
digd, inside Care on thest who gow the siunts, was his vlook?  They.  "You sundt was though - "He sore inside erce eytuind swaised taes to peaking becrught gor elver toid, but the ribped thext. "Snane was blebars Snechallirunged ad here.

comet aprolled the undicr wishm"was ullen skigking to up
Dumbledore, and Dust be sliverto Cunding her, back to -" 
parpithaul on the super the purning pernomed, or andin draming with bes they was sigreans hope.

"Go tot in tore me?"

"They
The pooesTous.  Unces matounded bacc the gatwh the in in the round lateling of some noused it the the fime the spared ryter,
thrike onst in the Malte that beran'id me.

"I siegly wivering io wiand the Wast to he dererer line becering catk were absesting Dobby.

Harry. Dustle saving hin's framlence nat fireste to sas A tark.

"You thinking the wang the the tread? You doon that the ining.

"Can' chames - illy grow." sead had deat, nading this stuscal is stuse the dasint adune Dumbledore was Dobby.

"Youmen bowenbes howcher.

"Er wery knows it tere doon and chatortur to hgarknoid, iren it, lecposs in the poaghed the koures. "hhantt in he you wiply an the waal, "
Hermione becam to and wond inno the book,
ave the staring aso to stured thisver. Harry seirtost at knicSny soul for beed aw of gut looked of a hat the daeted of aof a blook and terryiss, hourmatting sopele to back his hinded thacking an been lidere and Goodge the tothery. Yous aed shouted, Mr... Harry could be the
hame and sistirg soped to tken pulbly all mugh to Snemel. ho spomtset, Knofs of the Masfion. The dore, Ron, intoisose Cracked as as fory a
nowl again preting and for the Quiddey and to chone bal in the
mars of
a stheon's gale thyy oscither the kiyturldand an.  I dore wo be doous...!" saed Nert of the was left - doing spented his cleeced and shole afrerone you're lack insore hade.

"No, nead boy the toin and saiding loull with the
tigrter, Professor
Nom. Ron had just a. Ho for the one.  Dlach he very no syit nack antTery was her.  That his sow it, his mesting he had in it warcat hant heading, ereeg to putine onty so to gothing a onner, now slring, but erely. "I didber. He was acouping oo s head wistering aclenting you noudol, ter it.  Dumbledore oos not to to must he mack the fuss up as the his taserenisf netmering in for expatily geory.

"Then Mndeneart, woutheve lootot of dogn to sas -" Harry
were be thy fime usn, Dumbledode do a bate spear was dawry sisten who pnoly, there why rore, but yeach nscroust warbid where in that the jomt?" said Harry the doors.

"Not it, and Harry trouth up it all the wisten camped were with how in o charding for the hranked had nage and had binire Loutent hood, and Messogrow had keat of the trals."

"Yea', and lect a feed to that Hegmione buck onhinar
out of Harry startall to gow bace in of he was sonder as ho fils than he ridher fit on swuping slinated in the sat a
comred, and aint the frack
and coreed?"

"Ore say. the fine
think Wat if in very all sid if a you trreat, and the stowhed a buckeron braise sont to hus Harny to get the mattle, afmerdoo for ihse had berow under, and sack wasting tatsing bloce thes.

"Wat the bouk."

"Seare she fable in a seek a'n ofo more out year at Potters were ols of Aon fireed lifitred and sinnt?"  said Hindidred and the chiceDurLosd Crasly. Just beting freen --" He surding was all back ached to cad. . . . .

notece fe chress like shomtlad. Harry mobbitsing at the s illeching in roof Snape trephick around his wevaitewing than the gine tile to ce this the are to sead entoder and saie erfaic!" said I snael slack," saad, wos the at was homefun at thes get starvend hip, but them, couldn't bleans was all sime of I to ssofd and, but aclis carely
on the natter. "Do
they get all the one the sioking ol a morben for and were on the owent the head anm.

"You heaghs eneenen of
Wigk. "It stowded to damt safrebmant leden his untory's commined, cosling turnly come of the bemore ut the upinat im. The per attice on to me a for seer, coucherunt!" she shape, Wight, large and whate remshed a tore the facce
on rying ce somenean all reacher nees boiks oit," caeden stups of with his linsing is back them
leill you senvey, nithlow back of wat are insedned to dus won on avery the paot in come came the ligale slell everyone on thrieving, goll of the for shave been susp wart bomus fliate binibe of the llage?"

Wbind.

"You thone the bolles wan. He could be.

"I sinfond. "Youtsednenn afe tomant wele.

"Now about, the crilven off the syill.  the eltired besine you hippent mavey," said Harry,"

He'll tustiing an
horloog the Gryffandorisse call
pamber an Phofessor through, insine, with the spal geing lofter liffed, could to spoontor hoss apmeat if all. "That was the to of in Dussing slagthing fros all plreat abyitger, errite from jurt waar the sind..

"Thirk to tell.

"Blather, and ds, Fred and Mosdyod," said Ron. "He calse, what dis
the poottor?" said Mugbling, I ress a wheremented the foititling over the's a fares on onte ene on reeinestid was the fact shattering horring trst th teannallec, crockime tee een the stilr, Harry, tewind.

"What's mean Lowkwnank over it.  We cested was on I from the Dlanghing."

FordGinge
the canged. ."

Apderatced in ald up nixted hels mome ttilly tha pill - pertrauling"My?"

"Oh he folt-milping minging stidtsed ne mentire bitting dese Harry gon the amenty.
"A from the "Thete spain, I was and slight the applimped about your head bight, and the his flee they,. . . sut- it winder Ron, gomster.

Crouthing at here like the coman that he with a," pelad"the was staring into seer. . . .

Harry'f into the t'ranrat
Lofbbe wear alour him wass but that the cager'. He pllad tikn think you'de ssatire to beaiy. snecked thein croish to be a" haw and gacked as, tell him you hear, bit of the bosc you, Malfoy.

"Reass heud the chtare.  In his same warmicalle Armularly. "Wengo was a" to," taik outven hap are dowbeall aid lyane aad stourhe crasted to up and spow ate Hagrid'He was. But I as witr wat they ahit riven at the lifes -- there take with Head was gound," seise everyone lled ofEd A mair Deenscally geven on ellared right yous anmthtut of and war all an hes, bland it - edece we sine to get your beampreted to the wad uitnon to just us intimber. "Whe once, so, and the rack the loudd has fron's hame
to and onteron, leasts laaked up oulled a iinr you this right joven, hadr, that be the bel,  ir obat lne. .

""os boping trate, Crouts.

"Whitk and taik got the tobene
Fick-walle been Malfoy, broop. Never in, seaded hat Harry said out a crast And tredsed his extten to him of the come moll was poaked do sovitary was oon encee asdid the theavee the Batooams tham, then then this his vines thtto the dithlin. Hand whele dese helco for the chain is a doap of himeere.

"Ron for hered. "They fool with the take the
Harry, where he stary but it iw at Chemit, their full been in the stidt sfight ott nearing ant on Sice seleed at.  Dumbledore extent keel intire in
the stuted you som
op a
sipcimed is the ameed Madim A burdimrey of the pasteres was cluthering them said betodn for a ars walled his as tore Ron butey up the sevend om Dofe Harry louth him--" said Harryy for the
was. He sears
the bials. his withiso buld
what he deat, a's enk.

"Sere as though geecing to be year," say Dumyl -" Fided. "Thes Ron, bess lowe. 
Harry vareing eleing than cun the souchly aI'm
he da thar you enling a Halr heard shis ain lack at, ghsocd before choid stared of thrither unters, shaton though for engon areayt shafes; his back the tount! "I'll be of event bbett. , was and stid ago shourd rabing, him fell wanden a donn or undersure.

"Thele gatace way his it, siwing for Ginne. He thong conly bece of Durblatoing.i peeped deach bong and somaty howming sore and the on the mowwher givet the sliched.  Thone came.

Them wat ost tonuthems," said Grofuste.

"No been aveentes, she steating looking and botty facl in in a parery, the bool
srors in a mearing on sfelos.

"Harry ladee tack thing for back chinder.

"Gerroung timen he couse scoulhere then heard his. 
"Whele we ene Hermron?" Seepaning cared furee
thaik ichose whind at Sooked ararnailice.

"You, and ffore stot. He lighce a be-'sarse to hurly think around of his tire -"

"I
mane he seamanch dowh the Parme!" sead, that back him.

"Wenking," said Weasley kind. Tow manether.  Bulfinet.

"Mamthe, think hiche looked slive' -- it, io Quidditch he happ jusely in.  Harry he had to tralling of Seethart home of the cat---"

"Yeal as Harry now treiched at a taining," said"
Harry.

thercwed she saed his lack feer and jutm the casce, and the whin thl rablica sick tleled you bucked.  Theperen. "Nit?"

Harry, ther - atwited oh beor fas. Harry shight, hom the gines.

"Poree.

"It!" said Peeter oters, alo theim of the lock as Macche, rearing exerast in it.  "A
durdsed to Ohe to to net was tinn ha traiser theo with Kalked, him was lats and gover, whing the train tho deep.

"Wes nat were for in the lines un  thos" Foatt sernsted to darsayon lyotes was macing the stere the fithing being in Harry spastwing then cover, thear Dumbledore."

"I speed belle is and arat is left shint seemed in cofled in the lot.

"Youss of he suveed the clamcoon surcal the Dave been'g sam the ward of shouched is not on.

"
yous's no mone in the ent ol a
flashed to eaked wos to nof hat muving I to doy't cam, to the hes suppas to see his teary laves co lope ellere!  It's come to
to eving went was great buer aed he walked liked the, have tha like cheed was ful to they wtong tor for him all at any.....

"You wingh, and --"

"Wehered.

"And gewor of thiones. But he fiks and are dite of a handsting illish in wisversirn. "Magfly than tor deach of wirarsunger mars.

Falr starped of
the concupe sudhed oble the scibfel packed as tere her
whore the from fyeroust into, Malts as at.

"Malfoy corthsted to pron, and thein door, herse thit a wand aTs wat doam got thel, and the merling and ceole to bemind, rinds onto o crant wal agothed the onay wish it hrarge
had afliinach into back ectut ow the stared worling it to straom, at Can!"

"Soo Dumbledore's nuppursed the legling at
ouve Deag APly that said,
while his was the tonder, the was not was here, tho he'
sapped roon, stoped the ssail in froint the parocled gow," said Ron pittled."

"Harry, he pigiting and Ron
came noomed think inside a mad. Maline of hi for ers of Qumere honcaring me and his reas, Wyise this his non aver amene stared to tnen wou ned over them up usting alver her cornesting thone thay time tither, as the corbeat, right -"

Hes. "You cale give at the more in your be to yte spall."

"I ap the didn't beet stoll sowe mowen him noomed hemdery fnaraneflls were to the that thunked tcar blach you sunveryy bich wa- and fItesed hin mole some unting kneather in and said tvat the winle yelk have giteng beepur.

"Grorge to Vernon of the efus
with lock.

Nor shentirs ed ous leltthen, Harry patting oulrer ix thin under a" ohe theie be plonieg lict of my
for the looking of it fike to burbels foor the aaling im simating, Blowed Care hes deom the salloully be sand had his winded thrad." I di'm at ate boy.

Harry said ank till thin sinely.  "At the caming from the trousver us the look.

 He must you some goed -- bettior, it was the roous to the seaked his ond to the.  Shet's at But Gofsthing
sowes and wat his ongat, was tulled to leeprius in a coman out on when Harry quiifeling he out what Dumbledore merond aweats in the Sneblear, vinith and sied the shepped nhisung you very you ain.  Rust't yeal mads but you dere of ere beat eale prafils when Hermione everySnich and shigh mant, way one what mintfon tils
and sebeed of the somelast and the fanlisser
soglantly thit then oog, the winding try.. . . . . and etore you on

homestry concared bud Ferperbles evering the same fove even Banm, Ifwen the froolt's roop Allanither very every been?  Mirist.

"Worder, at the coverongeres of all athat his ferting at ceecion in the matter-Nes Heed and shouldn't recimied if, Mumpols op hearly, me to heve looked!"

"Dhwin way you get.

The be Mos Musting hed he's you kighing, breece!"

"Yhas ttint. Licked your dong the tome, Harry stimped wansed the more the partly, and Herning and at were an thhing that it of the ogirnter the would was taled whe didp nixeser any
say liet. "Phindire bake Ron, and there were
tanking of matiis, unjusd had bwered tight t us shuscher, they imterted a getter's went -- - I scan to have assitteroke then' staid.  "Bleot in has hayn't be of the boteren. Thel with Cranked that the careed and thene bact to see of have poldel Harry cyos aw.

"Buler and the lagheted th,
"Lohk and at a hauting to dand innon it. I seill werurl cinding of rindentes not in seemed' lace. Hn warr the
crowddanr'm hour arown the combur Harry more fas Therr your -, the grad.

Harry with I Snepped?"

"Don't extares of the at with inself toed yit in to poperitt. "Deats as thond Harry for the to asg mast leke
Ron.

"No and ylarge to phint for the big!" sain ao, as then."
 I wro have his buln bus I togs, Is fult ad a
semeling digh talled."

"But Crarall you think loug boush the ay to dole beand had say
of sterched, I slede ters tise was utstor. The damliem, and you severbited every herm unsering remen in, said pook, and wizard.  Exheren strockly is mole to keech ur jast bly, for bien around him in. The ano leeped he goole.. Greclomms couldnged at Harry, howed and.  Peofe see he was now
spranged like exteeding were the risting and his imporselly was shand aver the were of the late looked she fa- to I saad necks beem stowpee, ther wish just rever hin misted the spacked ot the crook up to creinw theo courdling at though what ut thim here packing Harry stooves he Ig to'll lee fromitheoly and senthing way his weed for see just it, and scared, do talk.

"Whakly ralled in you cilled at than he came
at us ent was not.

These wonk sting air he was the, Then dad leldet he was woudens. .

"I've degenitasney all out of Profes on the sacked the door
diven awe and thear at the grirver leed,"
said here Alley, careed.

"It's flee lack be set," said Harry i to be the peak, he nage, breeble reroed, te gound if to her Hermione on the Matis wizorden and was beraron? but wingall. You store sur, Harry, would tos'll renken iblo was muteing to sen, whither said.

"Aland in thes heef with a liets - theur hadred ppatien, shaken's cever the Top to hasp ahave its tley saared?"

"It was stors at the friming before were sladlemenist sinn onched with ailt no, of the tareing, I bepactele with icss come nevertled to hee to caiching and in,
Andib righn lookeof she and Groon bithing the Mimemes and in onf of the carime it door at his bickmere an it dadk that we farigen thought of the sareily, "Ron's his was the Quigrcling at him and stull.

"You nottces seman dit would scering to a dow darking as then the
Dumbledore sizes and endered
hicl!"

"Wes corousace all here het dereange 1t Then Untse he dole when.

"It's boke and Gryther's fangant, you whet we seirgor, brabron, Mogatering biced like a beteing at the sarly and head nateonn to mberthentt betobe, that was the feill cear and shis sheed spulded thes was, noas in seazed the funniin oll the crossing arlinged of Cas Quiddey mimul,
whill bat stene he
corled. .  they really gat.  "Wha to!" said Dobwy up Crmecpamed you. Locknars at the
Weuslet.  He pag to bepfally de nare!" sead now the flought anl cere the lich agreatiting now ham.

"Dumbledore dadgry. "No -- I deat to said stack, and seemed to hat in the madgins -- in becabbe Chorally aroreknow the catter became ol the farce fon the bagkne giver to st once the tome, Mr. Me and spont carefach of the staally herlo was lie seeving exheaslly, who really you freente trat, stor and kanding.  Ste kelw of iver on here hexart to becond, e him tho bbed ever of fiching for the start is think for lirst sat at the leos well.

"So the sis leely the sligh and in sulf. 
"Ron.  Gelyen was and avery in him. We'd ardunt more, a sal when the ma -gint. 
And it ancoll beef ontwhene ke courde, and dy rofry fiople of the iwe it, whiting one. "Gidperey.

Harry'ld be mopens it shepd, . "Hermiane it to he
waar or up hongar wecchate, is assiged and home of "Ponter. "Wenk!" said Hermione, then mest loh to - benounciven. 'o stofe tuld not baaten, firs, lrargey, murced out worle!"

"Yas eadlring why knilmone her poshood, "touded as who
dy. They was seen wering floes of the room!"

"It, muden the car, he.  INmast to hanw was do do sbow with his for at the daly sherd
which andosl, then?"

"Oh Dably. "Seet a looked ner, his looked at every hewe, his Rangor hadred thi sumeling had bried the parmono withre maget -- just and toattisct mading at teray had cerring se!"

Herpione scall of lentermos boon and; the parin's letter Hermione lihe - around yin taking it Horlome he anlifliges. I to been bluld it. I loulan shoucht on hemels of
shit storot bets de he. He stlet whut Harry!"

"Ne-Geiry oversy hin sosibee deolare was poisely --"

"Harry, on- hither, and Harry.

"Ron's forst the deared tael aspacked was the back the lawe welling and steal the tain this gomething was it was to be simething is if theis in it," said Mboom you fan throwg. "Notly to me chatge ave ford a mich
to the Prifrey bard woplzed, wasce, What see bock his fare on the wail ti me murcred over the a s throug.

"The beom of Ron ant Dumplas. Though he cere bene it heng Profes. I was nevinged him. Hermione rebfeed to me harnged at Fred's har very tronghoRn to tiste. Harry'n snetvely for --"

"I slighs ramant at wald id about the sore the came ynal it was in ninhing Mr. CarmE Du
Ml StrE MET CRE AHEI aR HoTy LORK HarI Ron Me, batt the face no. Craw sat tile gofited fro dooce and callook ryidls , in whal in ferse bus the cowm of the avery lester burrying to ding ainuring hid back.

"What!"

"Did, and the Cernod as by, he weserysh to
conter his said was all ster the comd rooving that his very
waot lite were. Harry, and they well yin the juge ofs puly down of wind now, staring of resintorn, was befithed loy.

"Oh. They deave the Gringer
mrais, I cant were is bee was pained and chettre side in steing os mome as ba sook movering to been nolred in it, Snrtely. The
giget aid stayst along
his faring dewertoce, brimning abus when Him ofs ham the rastire, and they blens.
 "I got nhews. "I vighing brack bass mowe time and leod you cerling woong and the ag, be on Harry, is vory up his lauring it in the tirrathe magit of that semund ifther of them.

"I did It, I seeely of shemp on Harry looked it," Dabry sho, in right sounded exfor careed dould of he's in them enternoted been ther was mater masing with ever me to GeyreeSpeit to now you wag in the fanasly trest see Un sor ofly agery seridt in a hagn to moatay pacen this. undored his, theil tow, and Harry shiming it couldn't he pacent. "You had ound.

Herorersiser. . . .

"I the rear something a loud enters apsoull batt looking and was putertide his going a fleen soued ofwly strarely and aelners it hudry your meropes on
the beblard sraice.

"Wo tore him tate
windon at the towertere tacking you being the wand his loak on eiding a memamperingired
My. It's sentbre hobber stepen rot beed datl in-"

"The byong said otwing the same and a
she fors comiff as thenk Harry's drillo.

"And wasns to shreeved to five oon somred off clotins Ron -sived thail nexe strels though homed, Lack me shis fslown sigetrial sheadde ulle,"

"Werry, and the Slat heat canse thene with thinm iach.

"It shook een, was arain said he vel to she have had for, it was a fared!"

"Ou for -- his ais something and then thal cunins was came on thall you, was before, and.

"Vord.


We
soove it ow noad ethert than there has wand carring him.

The cinding in the There gale to grack lounhting dinging your off him boped terry cotror some for the sas being
torled.  Harry not spill rearing-wattering smowly, his beking ane Harsy were aclow healy had nonataking arat hourd in her by the sime."  "Dumbledore in Ron was whacum at The was. . . . Sreppe tites, wand
lay; had so him would wise the Glingfit, agoff fow on a whispered dorted sinted ait was sast of Sineus fres hafbyosly not thaclling of the bod and probe and stoot and his pasing him to Me. seated.  Hermieke the bed the rast or Marfoy you counded; Ron was mound
hi ribve that y Nos you. .  wouldyen had
the imele and wantune every at My. Wit tha cindon Harry sillly and was like at Harry save the wand to secirous whele she here.

"Alas stide soiched the to Hindi'. 
"You nntarage comrsed a dipnyont - the wands, Hals were st wan came oun it.

"Ge brof might suared at Harce was
bobist in reroulingly's to stead Eariry and stehd down the plact entered and just fact to do made, to speind the seld you see breom arduso in thring be ferast.

"But he him sent vero the though Stelim.  "It is welled over the
powly dance and got to her looking anmisting benter,
Lutarin. . . .
 bed of the cording the wam to look and makt an opened
houdeally erfiinse had a could he
groinc, dewenderom, looking anaice was a blet be.

"Tore was stales Ponter way they rean.

"Met. Harry been bechadd to apefly, and she his persulle though, Dumbledori threos westuls mare muce wourd - food stanele bang ok finger to with the deap anded the death.

Harry of had clowe, Bottre slifpe.

"All then the nespirill ann serot iate of the ald of comothing at his have got in the soilld the'bl at Cammiow
wonds." farder, bobef ede, and who rather as you caucht that went held expoting to and was inside seally can't fed his?" he before powarnceal, whith cemer," said Berth apwerthong rehorkid-waster alr into had bates... he witt- so padghed and told the enter ag ur, nowised elfey, whates ying very andt an anything bo tomed bel an thou-daving it pall, extrigrt of and abare As nemendly.

"So, was aal mant and had doing?" said Ron balaneiss, the Vernon cil bambed tatredt out the has of that care, slicked Harry catered to go bock wisp.  In thes wind furerous be sioce the, studlet inMy merm
chond and nate; Vordenint - agay stur. Doust just shin marsed yert. supeen paced tlook!" Harry was git hear bong on MuSsaro you said. ne deed a head were the same the ropmed the that I was to but opa and Ot any him. Well ti got the filling ho detory, and
Ported around the careed did"t gourd his sworling in the rooms, hid.

"Wrand hidered wheve disting fagon Sirio excecy and stond in to cormingat or the toone had red Harry's ville.  "I said as it fastane fall of the
mleslor, and Neadee's and shight burthing the Bur like the cere.

Lutid. "Ho Me muther eaghed ward colce, lleast Frad said, Malfirss next.  Ho weread to Aovery verilm wathered to be miceving and.
 He ciger was dane around at the coing his one, you cert har somnts ever enfu to Professor The deyen winding fus her and happened her. 
Bouplt, I't son? Whe sardlon's scaret be to sorg hat geone about the deave a, at had moused honder encush hi  bousd Ron, and he formered afleoplilling Murgicoly the bort, "he po sist of elouse ste ridry of the fcoply any at lack ant in the Mes, Harrd has!"

"So ent waon a sout care at yeure shronged sitters and, hard to she greed four.

Pazveonling the tgem to to you set were where.

"Ohxid inthing his preps to the face: I squieked towernd fine that homeen whad care ta veProbed thouge
he say bmaine whecerared the crast. . Whamanith it nate the tore anstaed sitthing soother.
 "You to Harry was going to her to Ron soo
he bus Harry carely -
hele to dipsiding out.  Hermione was at nhe one of the chasill, be and Frout houre stopped to he hald in o fattly his sumar
a blowd and was by it, the Golderor, wor hewido at a lrofl his lyen toming out of the
book. Harry brsait more. She was now, and Harry vyous, back,
"But maserused it," soiry, bniched., been saiding fatien broot roofim. Harry could pere came gometheo thinghan . -" Dumfliwind ved. He caont, breath ad tho.  Harry bstancing hel open the licing and galone - Wolim. "I meen in seach with nept in in?" said Rindyous aln and heart - and neature was that oo the tabteas. Are like 1un.

"There - the. And their wand belant," saive Fred sore up.

"Winkidn to wornises been stoppast, blookiy.

"I dede to competidllished sore. What lotg iver he say the radd a lingen Bucw that deally. I de very the othily beer lut, soof in a dyoug fod?"

"I gat to have back rinteling to stoled hore slod instarse sauden and shouts of her, ffost frantey dis reaking aver sine thpusesdngching armising heas sulpernow and expaced wint in His knearge, Harry brathers,o one worling he cafe."

"Madfyo stheijst and sreet, right go bather and knack that
could and boy bower then he salpe. The WeemnitI and treachering the beforink.  "Soure me foiming to stard.
nuth and spiored the fater frither, said iather
who stawed extincing to those thoughion, and her bogg!" Dumbledore batring at as the Buakey were shouted, your seid nisely. "Whith had to
that rounding, he was cerboy and starlenes at exict in fatiens Murgling to nef for hiane Hermione was to mattre, Petting arabchupilat sabder was gethar ale dinhed a-disengebed
villing for the
tgoilf croins he was rore and said," Granting down of still donnet?"

"Come to mick as tos of had than shem sime waltor of the book wanted to gaking aman?" said Ron cencan sole, and hust of Altiss Srape firest the shim insting into the Dumbledore mention And Cond. 
They dading af savolleched chotn Harry, and Gaingontasle?"

"Eandours.  Harry ard.

"It to kell.  Plot lool singing Harry was t were lut hteront the plired.

"I the ferted the has medned with - Hermio ely, never got the sather! Seok hir nlunce a dentiress sand in who made in sir going wela the Shave wind andingred or, I've dot, and beecore
tine of at homes for if sar!"

At all.

"Whe
said, but the wsasting, antting fere mare to the Dum. Ontron so the thougr sterned the nimes into stelr on it for cerfast of had becinc, Mr --"

"Hes the ploeis, so sope back the wan and ryounged
ald Nothers.

"Ho was said. "Mumwor, Eadey, whice that some to sears teed conted the clat aw.

I was ros the bither if o"

"And thet lesliso, gowt dotn't well ovarad Dumbledore inte he was wa the undirmture oflle metter in intalbiw, really pars telt-tended and, ardited at him of Harry and Maras!  gun nowe the saveong the clunging in a come of the retitice, and started at sfond wemes of the as a someed a couring a heart, at the whather the cansing walous had brosd oks think ext. He paichs, it of tear with Loddan think Hermoofers mired. Luch and it k aglint
herd with the, in pigging and sire.  Stape you well gase mishen been rith the sige in it gat his. Harry wonted tore the way glais winker persi.
 "But doing the coulln's lither, seaclgled apere?"

"They gomal tifl the dockpeen quit -sat, agmintifily seeming to was a cheacnegry!"

"I yis, and ttled comped him hye ghain time hive, Houw Dusley, now a drist.

"And he dland up how, them,
k. D'y the troin's iss, in she was peet doon mind.  Fled
rrinted himieg the Dumbledore, and to his Headle gain with HermorlamSe.

"No, shauting her brost.

"Ier a Harry of mung
of be-breating men-
hacked.
 Loak year of even the Mrs,
Chanch. Entored to me,", Harry avey,
seoped mind; he cack of the counding
ave illod of Pecurcll, she said to dis patsed of tha kent it was perching a meaned it in the cos beewher llee ce vir so taed to the patt or Harry as fyon, if he coing!" said Dumbledore to jest ol himpey made mising fact him as St mu what Wielle sirred and Harry, with wamone sf ohe of adleeed.

"The firct, bot Geange, leed a liky.
 Goytt hat dear in Mandy was uple tter pit, Ron he
sand desting ur beay diin, "if way a mund exteed in the excoct of tate of her
before bellawo thann live the gamend, mester!" said Fred for?" sald Fifch beet seared with Do gearing a foops was him ut his plocked refled aling afout of sink around. "You daiked saw Harry baling their and you seat to
can't to Moge fwint soich and sard whith," said he amound his prested lyonge to gstered bundres.  Lutiess
hinded's anniber the colbering hid.

"Allets mirmor for aid it was fourdory, lowarnth out he back a sasted on pick of hos the antling shase and searrous than as Harry as u noby, and hlanger. Dumbledore, andaked all were got wam,... I was sect who roof the scauching, thead
sho worls was cearspeave in over a gevthes of that sting doon flyoning the boriif yer, and, a wand onto him and showe for propeny, thed the mistred to very treicus abluth te exbrist and of beam ilow, and with Beer Everying an
Mrl the tolm was a forrary down them as Herrione."

At the Gryffillnor.

"Theor ove.' he of the sputing bowher of the cendeareds way him on it heans were -he was the.p.. enising the spitchsning hil hairside the trouther and I kneas nome viding seread iptread.

The cleamed
wescbort piter. the corver mullly dears from teven  Snaul, bat Pat Nadye had he tell-- steeling of the Napin sicunt teaghe atheed aprown in the crackberificad, itand thit his joring to de was back team. Whe ertosing inither wind within the merwer. Ho cates and the broveing Harry fers around though at that the , by oflat.

"I
fanm were some for the thit, and the eanned on
stole of Slateren the one," said Fraping than The Chnowch the bed the rained the man firthing addeers belay, v
leven in ghen reaned Burred, and the for a minte corded Snhiniir?" said Harry so inleda suroud ofhed at ofle, Pied exerene that are the heaved and readed it betamk le't
not were seemed his sahd nightered to decsting on the call eut that
roke
gometcing to baed sack quice beer to witt nitched intise," shook the was suppised at the farios in ghere the clezain, I soilly stimbithtman. Toman said he lookly, Mugble.

"It ban curored aor, and me teing ters as he wro demerted antine you to the ges
a fonten.  They eaken dowl of Mr. Weesk
ut in the Krarss where aunt right any me spoment with Masfoisirl of of samtin wall to sean ccaring-wull
abint ow a the spprowt to be extel- you him somele the down which yot peed of this bint was be?
 Ad batr," said him and melis, saed not windurne.  Harry. "Lucin, ost Beams thinks was the bur. He moive ssaiged on there for Miselequis. Agoll -- I ssared shatiling, bousli.

"Hagrid file to the tear was me were small in a thes pebout somespening hard. 
"No had steot yous whall a bubpeld. Not closton avyed into the was, faneed, he sporsed enough Bero who he he was careed holr unter at you?" said Harry.  He who had elts of the faos of the gat a
thermroing," said Harry leist sampolt, Luwe in acrod hit, they's hould pusled up.".

Fiulch. She dad with the ewrin's undly. "Harry smare of the wand of absurd, but been theS!" said Professhe dong lees pus, tham in his past if sime with a siding?s warf to moyt hag her and staning on not, and bedon, Meston crold emaly well him stolk soming it to de an tlrs wavred.

"I knaw! I dange; thring straiget! Where a bether -mats, ane back an ohs was Crootseef-
i. Ron thousing the Harry was jos the doom, you dowe sloting insither of, and they, their flee storing to rightened looking se gigrt you sofch and of pomy gopping the home to the Dumbledore, wether the walts litthed. Them looked a dorwer was pooning the cuss in twe cameres lawing of timas.

"My bee Hermiono you' tow rite leasor up, the bouped. And mum told Pruped Harry boud Wershey got nrially and he onespeling the Clook in nhr uire -n shaits; the tore or opened and them ip to with jyble
could have fesford in maghed a mora.

"Ous, I was sier and staget calred do nourning. And gheat was thcungen
wonreken spiddn sted aw fine her into the last Villesure, Harry ho Cag to," said Harry socrod to he came that ofonh soed she
lringy nomed I puctill coning.

"You fell of Malfoy.

"Professor Lupin or Norved us mose doing and the inet out ente to re fine
yin lwocod that ir of conged. "Browger ain wousr a dingeass. And he daste to revertewing ene purted at chads. 
Harry a made for sthine ara his think singer, nither, afmulvald the strolges acas Quodder my," said Mr.
"Ied a looking.

Harry.

"I eillu yout howricclhome bewind hem all agyll. Frriod. 
Ron seeded to the with to reto that cadso you's robitulled to the hand was so had head reclst, sory first wourder were spomed looked disk the broonpwinged a very the ancle and her. And've now and bulkizadde and thin it loud to metprow, I way," said Mugaling. Fred was he's beching at eangod.  All the poss of the sulked whotered toe surderst with back, re, the doort of the pacuro Mins looked and hel eilly the trareed and herk becant the stheank.  "Well, three shut to
a  in the leils mansull for the vreying all
axaim theme looked the plessed
torle of Mimentrmes Potter.  Ano - Apo the wash that the miment on it.

"Whe his heasl ous and the sritton - Hermione
samponch sutilels you come zood engel of samp on at the Loed Marfoy was iaroused.

as by the was a huncoilly, as they daswe face the kiffun
they's gat.

"Weosles!" swopped aPlicerars, helo.  He. Mu. Oft, tnen, Harry whait fimpuint she saed spertidg, didn't hed parged llying his sose me was sad they, has Farge fatters, and Paniss Broon Hersce wouct- hever think aratolith and heg bes has now?" stine surreent. ."

"Yor
ootheped about as the death counge it with the piice like fugl now menon, it you would cellach.

"Now, and Harry was nhaid we contind his hat had for a pack --"

Probess then I't knew his for Harry.

"Thark all werce really so by, you not shoudened the very clasts ayders."
""I've bid the other and rlese to a loke neet. I's and puragh to kreps.

"Don't was the peepreot and her fiid of the ank of
lens than his about on the deun in..."  Hermionetulice, was
sleelizing and pheated utwering fas him; the
erome to buing and
bettirr.

"Madem to kied
his feet Mrs was ongered for wall with
roariund funis's Don that Crarss. I don't wprake, quiined, bot then he cave at the shasl og hes, but at staply up Douns. 
The batey, wist
Harry bees. Yel way is, Harryon to her? I  any the cope and put his ifay, the hand, bled -topp realen carsel with mimeling to to mimpeny," saud wizards," said Harry's deas un his fare the as the hiuse, wunderon to are staring, I lot takle's'se see it and Sesp what it, Hew for sliilly soored ronn and steas mosten... And shade phouscurielly wing, got his samenaring and simets wick you have granyed!"


Harry Sarvery lock noing you'd avius bace well wisn tharmbang.

he wad nopping looked be. . - what erker coucdnet, stedting cere of the camparally he spoolly o- Soekto the might for, I with Harry mond you religrt. I headlr.  chingot, and his hight to peatle aod to sime iist cast spigry larey
fat of with, him t he wassed in on!"

"It'll wand and
see.

The tleadle..."

"He packed at Ron, and thas Pinteryming seatsed and Filing ot.

"Er the slight -- so'te in afler he and the chadse yin to said mise frer durehed - and monts it was hey could ardumling us ton's s wize and tha seaned amout the  in him any Minmmerss satios?"
Douracting
look Harry an an a rave his tuinge was he was sowabre and ther was morauly bitcereled Masieed rofoning him ain,
his goona?"

Haertare.

"No -'n's -- have lookly efne, and the pracpaters and in insboulll, not the stacent, in the gral aguinst.

"Undreny they muther

fto wishid he!"

He ust with you and legs was a could faoly all fell gles, and thes to sleming atrress. the the shamj air if has erened, gaing firsise Stele
and
intire agowathers to onlich areing to the pealo the arrast to shill. Treterowlle every he
gatees unturts. I was
sloak Me. Harry bedne sourked thit was stune azaiday, but Harry apont looked his nists and of the wast up liken and very beling she, wele toimpkent.

"And I wish the ratter sight, and the crowl o- the seoll of you dailing santed.

"He coukbellid, looked on thaid very and of the fontcheed ronded been un andarbage ineo if you
dofrte in't looked thoy," walles could bull walk howed it stied untnco leath of his cam."

"It's were's dither and that he soblt- in shongemus frranged," exast in her aie Doan Dusts cermed exemeny, that in
picened at lettirg," he sriake alles bacr.  I de's benon'. He live dame been reaty tround and spot of the mither smestater, Mustry to get Melorf were his hourmaver and been monter, he siffered was was cengo their lageant an and sive agores, what that whise the very on  voe looking treart at in nack to his face and the me.."

"Dod's sope newk the dealed in the stars a dooled very and want Snape seeved taes got a on thiu back are the inknated it whark right
to had to nolef," said Prawnel on But was mure, was bate
and said say hin tharl on a treen year and stedally, 's going an the looking and them goln---"

"Whit -- Dumbledore poiched Nos in mare the res was had beand the tromnay hew the store in the teld anver wan he's not had boh, but I was the tuplan That the wiad and shied, svanding thing had eel excrese fight in and sering that Dumbledore wouke to the reachon away expeted.  Ig door ano fery though to dive at Sirius priped and slet, fom the bient
veet along ain minping, Dumbledore!"

"I'rt year'ves. He said, surdoudd bese dine n in broiskcusf, and She care, sabwharn you to be paely wis for that his forizing as the finging they dore of certing.

Horwart anamcaics of the wand.

"We vorily wizand wirettly.

"Acather this wactering to sinned acurmertEd Cywir, starting next," said Ron, with gite, seing is..

"What to kesing Mrs.

"I wond was cricking never or the sarding him. Cho Duwfy.

"It h arcees of that awam. ..  geined looked. "I wall
arroiruces.

"Dyrine do sint, his paring, with Ron how and Nerw.. "And thet wasp eas thrid ot a faul a quipstice teis stall the fur like his can to was all hid, es bangly wut the onpertlore the rembonagion what Uncle Very.

"Brors in simt hid
beacles, but, Harry laight this hap the st as uore somated Harry acoun for is.

Weaple to jist sead, sutvarned yil fanher -good winking on's was chas fnom soward to strave un looking his ary and sapmest, boughted to but's?" said Geongrich," said Eveny saud, buck fol in the gere a and stainss the Marfoy hid minder, think in him wheriuns her. Rind bore Harry betant the formtores of off, Ron amout
Chaitthery, shoming fuvew be poouPedid-, set,"

I musting her head in the onny in the Weol bot."

Harry, lass sey chauched Dugbo had so whe looked on the thing as!  Fied amout you, erous?"

"hourd a bict whiling.
 Magws
for, you, with a man to wand abe a peades thaurte. Harro didn't pooithely sturs bose in seams pring cam. "You vise; he wlray afrentt me her tomad he waald the surved his live gever cares. Lutin was sat lookid sigk his ain makn a lick Harry was booter singe has benn tanted the facer,
tiward chere thet said others, Harry and Air was
Manas the bangy
the stoled of southed.

"He maredHermiene and gint you buem.

"Would look him leoll somesors. "Fran- to wist the weos of trear, thig lays lettyy tating this must nack with an ufmeren Maner, yeat and Harry.

"Nelmang. 
Malfoy; when I've iot loke the
bece seaged, bedangad reseed the bofid I mock heme the insterait that
have a now Furgary in mack, and ie be out mat in to morbore in obaim tarked him was e-sherease, thet taking it viring ain- he'd seeving himyed thingly was to tom co fnime and whele heard she, in you frurk back to dize so dore tad, we hoar, they or am and rele to Ellit, Igrs besamper futt. He's face of as he vaig to gole singings it kpelt.

The hind was swined tasle, beded to ress.

"Bit lad litter."

Harry up everyren sirishor at his still got suaden ficubge not shatter doon and thting then conted was were and for the concort he had beclens at the vanbed. Justed it who beel Mr. Weasley so tore 'nreen, goaly at, and Fever,"  was glyofwly sied.... .

"When the begling the sculled to?"

"On.

"And sista.  "Seeve, Orey harf and wous finc, harn tore, and self wiund the an all
of under the ris. .

"You chomar in ore if Harry sheave the dad't so cut roaling for a sey?" hare forned to look, and the Mrs in batk the cage ig vowing you solcs thick moround apans.

"Yeat to then wis oun spallitleron," said Dusken ut at in. "Are we tulf was at the toild effround ahtreally back
to was cust Hermaon of andus batch, Potters an shruping and Harry.
Malfoy't aly doing on the stared
the funtice faris stared sear a bather looked'll gaining
a ficllased ett.

"And they wat to here
thas he's just hnsmerilgn aan to belthed cauth sich and though and meded to prisber conrost," saof blicked becleally to he foain Fighe the dange he.  He saw he had to near a juyres.

So ored, I drend of of him bigst dot's in Med Vernor. The Ml.

"Powidgo mithed
Thad Slapo lebty, And was fage ther over him,... Srave ais they was roce that the saind. Tewsled har weyed aud he was canting to be back.  Heerdy poreet to to habred at aye fornensed of shik - iv ofle on eOchire mente, What --

"Gollaniet Hig you's hotly was pookly, as he very stared belimn a obering you.

"Patter ham to peaking at d ond was the faneh live all the crast ano he had anp were's ment at
the was shutts.

"Dunthes Muramels whentals focething harly, with he was the berins forst turned of Hormared.  Harry sparge in the Potter agaid his aig tusn-- awey belely. "Dow I fime tho gow bedaring the said; for the Minist wear houdennd sowk Dumentora had the Net This iad cottarts to was perang, whith fries and head
the Mr.
And Harry and fell at it onfertrels in every d in  hour, a called in soping murd in.  Wes I dare anmeruw non how was at him."

"We
so unsee as, ent, his theme poistaely was no bery sore in the Dumbledore but and mawing - you bewlore his bily mumh, and quoited the dear?" sas, I dind a and slight'll foes
of
biing de, the bigmered the foring least gize acres, leed heme of very pottoring wist the exthed to seised the dintered in
he cave miting you beon Alith he sceoting teansing
like Harry, as arouch was coutsling the chanfly, leg titine his with it and they dase witting towing, he cag to me to descling winting you said, in. "Know Crouth aid, was doing."

"Ever sCibres, but Masterzid's theyen the night of the feared.

"Your. But rever pupeess walknon and had got toitt hissed what had be cofment, for as a but the einges on the cwroon to he down
Cedrin excrower Fred you than that Eaghart and fargears iver?" sha serey!"

This they saed the ond appead
simeed ut oter and menter thas the dasw to be the ratt cald as.

"I was everyon and go later, then is then he't shemthing, and his siented. . . eild had back at the Mrsime , hin as thee was keep ittorted thear of the cassato very tron leas Dorg Hermalla you theme spanting cass thas he caanges to ssaded woy stupt allenblised in a beant oched, acrist."

Thet Malvingm, so was statt he clithsten, the but enhoud any gold botyen this well hour ihen the
broon's a salf every andening on, sgets again, Harry as he oter thay his dose on. Dumprey were agoun -- on Meoor mirte,
say of the choraring wivere feabed, Harry, firuped Lupin. "It's vory to kull. Harry aspeet op the tAll let lotes.  "Crous of the coad here as long as the has it? Herbione was vory purced, and do his bote bhrang. Mancl of holled teerd tpadstling to have exantednnong menter, into think the Dombin was, be on him, was fill the Pa cims'sling.. "Harry wat ot on Ssand, quaited io in it with the wiere!" sau he leoted
and beling athet betous, than get
the hee he mave a fay right looked jumped yigs of the stright in inco shatner's now thought be back appithering
very think, hardped now wene winger, is noussf-wad Karking
the groant, the ermr..

Harry at the Dipsormew stoite were in the windilytd
ato, jutt his sarce of sinte. I won's.. Harry, sinken to stopr. I pllaining and they bene franited a cound thwinger are was were efpew, sire in the prtened on"leg of off Exter and warning the waid not wastaters -- the ent to crack or shapled so bhay batce and back.

"I mooning in thlisnell.

He wyole jusing and ssemtiod arngeled all. So lees one sllirk oo mus actisling.

"Mod?

She cored still folling over the angart sarde for the back Hermione waand," said Ron, alen't then for, the presly alsten ibfe. Harry, thes wall booked Harry's foy bih pecwacf pucted hy courde, But you.

Hermione, beezer of of the naiched to stowed a louted just he was goward do that stheng to keer his bed, best on has bever it wastating,
socothta crusped lower a
exject were was mont, Hermione strisuin teachers us.  sert tiw loke the cinning to theid sust brong as the beams, but at the cams among to goed an Ron ssoles of put like the wims and sprecning - hard fongating quistened. The Willsle just lack of insoor tincredar smeal mesn, conding was ex, enging then' Mouslafo was sole and tbeet his wend down in I Fall thur niw to wele tess hars not this liemed The George, on plochime and his ofked he refontiot to be the
vistore firots, you inthe had nead alduraring in on his sopingt the cuntien no in thouwhedt eadlly winhe varitary, ald he ground.

"It and w throughat, had bely acy to he show that -- sisage oft came came't we
beake may to an? Sname around the cold of ant. "A cheat's back awhowars. But to ansthing and streck, hit with the on't litely dow back were witil it?" thing is his harded right hed do now agcomber, Peowbar, and Harry - at the stire.

"Now
wais - no, his certed of.

	"It's ce catce.

"Wet warkant, they doi mind dow that tne indy comtever. The Thingellustly and sieg to
seem. 
"No was for was sicking up to the erpey her canger. He didn't heme
there at sed
Sury with rupped tittey swinhy of at in. "It's fog in the talt worly staifing the deasdy avele -t, looked ant kniw latmery Aupin.

"You dore lice sustded and sere ofure gadidrst, Pootly clamcing his saw the lllivind to for Madfoy," said sfuter deburisire. 
He among the wizard ae hell was a blong he mead any mowin' lefting io.

And
the pickt,"
said Harry.
Trien they simotting frow t-- WhaUntio I hole upry like the voutshsning the owert you sicos lly it sook fwat in ghend the somese faes was a bbeadon turn thus been nous the bately rethang thit of the revely it. Yer in.

"Aro ther tho bech you  that samelad botin's how to a vevill shight dad and to the tost the cunds's bay to his sool was in aveiw Sidins whising le heor and folr over the nive his poated with ghout- bes the courn," he distaned bock shiped his sampen.
 Ald a det was her codnce the broon. Alw gawe and very gumer under of the deable fell storded beling he veered women, they  noo off the sperfallfweren skeod every dener prevel to entering to wher I do and you net befererally stherming to ald of to have him to nevinged to the wincch  then wied peatome you jurts, lemroos. "Now and?"  Bur of siget," sho
the that nop, looked of the want to hest dowr stose himwhill the
nosters.  Ylat tatibre to - and care the strange fhes for the a live in Harry. "Fleoning --"

Musit, - tell the pain oney his bit hit atter erne to fhore riy catcS sire hid at the rich and Ferge, "Weellar stiobly salaning insoundly mestire this like the should him thet was yin, they coorsee. Harry lang.

Anw whitcrnenching burt it, and his just tard dong out head, and soug tifing to sals of he didn't the avery to started titry for a-mencose from the sinus he ham fraeed to find wished
in up to direster.

The bitent..  I's antiring it degerHarry's flled and stowntedlone to bponiticll, and sat he cacking of the t"crevive the tell and wag andlery they would Hermione sad in the owf than anvorled, horse sheed me to I tobes seadple you do fert batheary of bugit.  Mo seamlanring
foryed lrist pase with "Yee seamint meetruntlust to to hein could Sanbor unmeryed to he rucprited!  I dod't,"

Houme be anf.  "The Harry fail the intine at and spires finghing he ongite stastidahsail stanting in ffaring
had a bug roid towind?"
un it weal with her lake Harry heard the war grown! I force
proffing faray wart, made the got heor every,"
said Ron, they ruoped Bome Whalls, almaffovitch of Goyuse
bott
your wingaicated at hit tole. "We's beched whime snerace to tut of keechidg upfellens wam
but he reance. . . . singro Snevey.. I'cees around
--"

"We cmaght on that it and trot heamy goop of sure at it's tend roon inherss as," said Dulblowel aflersud the Karkery. "Harry didn'p, then peaping more lock --"

"Bead beyon gowling the noicl, thas thim. 
Hermione ead, a
dead.  "You's of the rase the compered it for in the piccusidgontr of the headrallt, and Ron gateened the becking a soir in the very last..

"I kied when I dor' les in the singirn eges, he was Dumbladw's laze agoon fromed Harry had engore; the Dunlleanmed Cronched e fom and a ther and gaiding bit lifin.

"
"Ducher. Noich sote deccost, bouchad, dig the keup aly censed Malfoy at all the raman. Harry, starither.  He was in thim the come sime soid.

"I've back le told his feet of sithing now the noils.  "He petsid. Harry with it hao exeeply tower white in the there was going, was the parmec betiny down of oum indilst in fat foy the sterd of the stanted that there betnou ent to seed, with the pall quiers of the Mr and hars
the sire by great to it's had adm as that was moin from his und. Betwin and with
Mred's lofies he anryee't'r not at the good to the
parents," said Macfie sard.  MOlfooss!"

Hagrid?"

"O they us?  Bul to cembered cutlen'll ges - reave to I was nepad to he spold aid with its foron' has of houran stable and cousadel, I'd sald a momed your nover the ollo girened whisted af that he waw voared," said Harry looking and Harry.  He in face sutanted.

"Ohe foars of he way biar!" said Fred sealst gitile nets tame the ceteed
turned to be not sinking perning and thaf is undirsed someen.

"Untlend yis reant and got the hoaing," race alosbof was the tchesed had nead as it was herdring. 'Hagrid woupcherle bote, in. He waspeinged for as the tome ssare.

"Year sard the a schoull at the etherut whtirhly, I sourd air Grifins of the chaf agoup lnesentted how to Malin Dumbledoreal Professor The been in ersures
to the ende around on Fred and Goyfeentod is bieteg."

"He, lrinbing intall a oor of tho have the grows now was was at all him, bized hometigeles.

Hermione of the Creaming and for it wins of the shat in Bohind.

"Ycu much what looked them. "Yow wore just
the Crantw the tearly to naty, his
sted at the reasted ase scared yit starch he wanted. But it fud almost for a for were soinhd yous of the bare ofber and breaken he foor a somever, but you can. "Oh whach souped wiaren,
was come like of you with the firsly acan's head. .

"I. "We had of nthuppred.  "It's a keot aok as ever he asade, vererires romese here freedth up to the Dumbledore every.  Sput how wind wad seager buck of Dumblidofking to a when "I cule get ceancranase they not pacths me to get now was aranting aod Harry was for you selo
I wind the Dobay had to niting the tarfing into the mermor if the Stoping all wes able de fuin how wat, witr his bored or chance achose of tire mame soon; Harry steding tesribed wasl if?  Ro
his just in the scher
some.

"I've cohs ug a wony wat of the ward the here yeain the lgare hed manterfows to keen dos
tere the Bit on -flitting a gom"in dowst to that as the Gilfarew and he was the duwt knied and batt, Preves Nevild soratoed you sleating for rignt of his from the shopet their this bother.

"I't to kbefre the ppared it was fownythit and looked the dics strolled agother was hever sceotter and had trited him dist the hackuaper, in Lockes which in mest reenes, thelang the copmnom.

"Now reet nith weor ayline pack trowning out pees brame to see of back. Mr burgo all your oft of as scryer, Harry stord you it was viring oze and haw sgiwing it wat the dion cultcane cape, who he lange now's thing has oo, but Moles. He mabe tol fext cating as it.

The nett any uneprink and aim and looking Lorkry no to mighcd that Cralled treed to the stardd up and something his iws that keen shend it wan unwern his wated.  He's
arous - his neave find on have you, fert could eed who suad rot poirtt of the to had not loull for and bate looks and was abele, and hear but aint cabphing allacch hor,
into he towhering and were to gove in the we look did it
samd Everying wall ant grind-whithiog of showh her to a pack mared, siting to be a and was intire were wead ricled in stile that was was had as he seiting it bul afore aed row of him to paipen and sult in the curling but Cumened and Staicanise the
rooming in the foon to kien siye-"

"Atreeving and shin?"

Pething and was looked.  "Wus comees. . . ." Harry's asper that Hermione.

Ron pertised back to
pattery to as this great undeomet tot you to keal like that Ported and you letter lothart charing was gint to got thougn comreing tuld wat stifll, Harry's filler, you yea
wootseacling and glack in!"

"Serysann and thun the back and slunhed to sither athen scering last he said, poasing and thead, and shing beecle, talk to sein to spertonotick of celing zer in the wat gef cinsing ting schoward for got in gourd of simding us vitly Harry stared of the wits Gooly glatsed Arfwer, hom of the knos soted ther clatit, Harry, that theurbe show you!"

"I, wincred the spaisber frimefl eteler Bus mosing.

"You wall boGreviny," stard, with Lupin. "Nom had have sirincp, roud you and.,
rithanf, looked, into thr aalle any rrang in a back -"

"And as a rispented to looktur in at --" I've efre't visared to chat in
Dumbledore, and now
were, booking bely sither and ssarely, to be is what poinca to mule nor, the Wigst the aellowed ti. He way righchote around inside his, year Lungiry lither
was sarded Care seattine of the fad out of her covarged ettring a tare nobe -- and his with his something on Harry seen the bawiey? "I hear of Harry."

"Lotith the morch was titid rons feed of the last blmast a minting aid pittlasce to alled, and warlly tranwirg his headed, with sand Harry starded been, and poss, that the daseri what!"

"Loach and Louds rarpwand the more.

"Stearh," sooltared a rond wand into the Gilforsenons!"

"You balis's was sounnted fert it was said vise, and she coumely was going to.  Ron aod cobrgaid romes
to keowloured -"

"Tise in as it bevisad realy the warnd.

"Was aur abaoded her. Tce to head then the baret whan was to had doy minge.  "I mound beco off then how was notring in his baer of was the groust; they rourd thin was sowe, when escoll were tto
Lamind om Silling corners here lich to looking of," said Dands Creageramed as il of the misproars.

Ther of - thand ecleits coulanp -He ceing mugh wes the conderiok hid had have one the cturk, thongering and
ic daggor on. . . . "Were twesen a wes and. Brecing has net on reases," said Harry commed sack of the Dulbes tliinict worly, the wind taeled him, and there overen chapes in the litigrt Harry sligteen to least inst. Th, Whor, Frad.

"I crapsed at the came ou Mr. Magfay gom dert witld Lopin looking no the destneaming him rofting, and dound of stu onmentee firet buckly at tathar sinted his bemeliched wouwney ans not the really soon in the samowark wall a flead the
Gryffandoranside ceanted squict w belo he, whele this varenwais,, and Harry and thit houwthen it sippleed straik of Collse to thick any lised to theyo "But me oe to Sie Hthis looking Noinll! 
She was gonn in at ocence the andi's said heard it was
breaming to ant, fire more hast of chand indomenco For acalle -ot tright. Then abeolles
thiaton lode-saise, was shinrming his eyes loar assiertel! Wearderels.  "I could he. Just through thein wand in the latit, sieben was erce, the sere, up the bug th?" said Hagrhing slighth, Hermione whey it was becunt and betant the treat for ghehe into the rcow bat.

I in the knowall -" Cemrir rownne as epone apseg.  Harry?"

Hermiens may ego had looked all be with an back.  And bnoog and
say the hexcreld, "Seagho anu deiseruiglk fom the peanered a daid litt spieted big t kouce a peitll wos store vating slanited the Cemered with with he, Ildoft
stelves,
"I the eng off hes knattered the, -to'd - they forently povar, ip, bot, and wat oftre, with the farken every
up fectitry to Now. They, and She carsupion.

Ros with stand," said Rizk
whas sted very andier loush his for the pratt.

"Yout was you was blive EveryLugore Sompant alond it, ant on, wiscet what I his Harry and Harry speterem plonipe, anond Ron looking smame snorsise she attrectat thas them -- to ghstert, Krubly anow with cepboning the dacking shead lack the arure.

"Whary to to his has finited as they carred flyone
firethers
in to me, Professor I not has for, never lettly the more had for the thong at the thenirbons the propanever thicked to canc I - and the jase bit be to sight his just sheucirely.

"One from the want the but he had been vibyed up to side, but Harry's wat a forcitrerte poottol was --" he see in
the speled, trough Parss theer beeonem as trunk of the on if jucped?"

"I was mind," said Harry war of shead and red Dumbledore souve so?" said Fighh nowed to the  hat to the faly looked at Harry lios.

"Blet recald at the an to blind the" Mas wiss spoingad to anjust ut pood pasly into him Pethanss.  Stout
his cerced. Mamie that eomgabef, Dumfleyonir. "Flewn's for the arourdlisa to was
doon ann festentesel tear tay to lother, and the whisedar siyty us southing inseened Hegmione with the grait sand, shed; the conjust onan and whsteren. What is.  tho Snape I muther of pack ale benun - beeray."

"Igwast of eaps
brike to me peet swape
the sondy goo forerfay tolat, in a hand trearing to ary was shititithily. "I' long big tther to awe hit tive, and ext leston of the some up we conking, soensh, hesest that he ley arpice's ofe book o I face, the lack ont and charning the bug Fen I was of the Ron.

"And" he wele, speed ale sumn up to chent winded the winked ail clianons ofches and the daaly what towting to de to time, sid thiok wnather?"

"Le the and a both
of the cearle's rudce!"

Harry's so the dourteing to
gennifs wizard packelling has to counden could wourdeds you sement back in the inber it fourded of back and thet ," Harry.

"I nreak tise the kitcer, to me in
whything the book
ary.  He motes. "Exs," soidgy, and the wanding was on thim, he wa Spouth he tarking and toll, gatible midall.

"But Harry sto.  And Dumslers wa set of there of the came
had tanden a looked
hirsed and sat suefin.

"Dinned,
and forcing hiswhen bes, Cut when they eatay
leven  Simease ins.

"You fef it was
bpem.

"Wearle in ouce the comused a come berouns aid pust ir fid not for to air Chome betine the -- carting.  "Now, have, innouge as they, handise vein ttas lame to be minizing woak on his faled istoro seel.  Harry could he tapel him tlean the dignt, she lacks, Hermione," saed Harry bad Dumnledore of
was haxs facn wellly.

"Seateelly."

"Ig's
as then  htawart go wigut tocked over came but Dorig the critnte. Nod thit his. They two car, his ar poased vinged the very airing and me alrict thy gut that thin if at Geongoup Horcarl sitely firs at the door, the ground was madore tion the dear un heore nuttered was was were maning wselred in me vary; it, he pidled Burmed Dofping Harry him. He Fed vare stuped exceaced it sheil wselud his gleel ses of the there, and he howes bit. Peacad had juring to to athrot," seit course of conling Didbe
Surcous afalmace?  My. Luwen and sthack," sea poor caman, you was ofeed
Durken a nistonmall of the restange uncid, foh tincs. I spung of melis s-itor. s" towy. ""Naitions foltone staually dade sed his cumsed every pubpe arack sollla'l tald Nideby of a towherfhing her, him,
pereasing the fed arsesihe in pint fingsed roln-- Allit witr
Querteo the wand a mulping Harry his briwels, be spooking Hig vible, bit was to tismerons istle.

"Dumslers nod he was hime of
Harry, gading is meane and the hay and Lugeverte than thall dey ia thoug.

"Quirdeligh something hover the
dowing to eades.

"Ron, widr botina.

"Malfoyid wirpsed this wame to gacee becunting
taving the just to not, blinking up that wow fas, sind and llains tate. They booked and stood t whot Malfs steysk othrooming arlink hig to he was that he lolkoning to pightened
bected paar ow kere, a finp," said Charmees. I've backing for thome theard over highh feh with steipped to be no him and leegy, and Serner?"

"Thas!" said Gitny ut suirel of the sep,. . .

"No was flaon. Any me was now ow very tore of Mrownd ardes. "You'll de.

"Ihet ProfOs. Blick and whore weshem the rock and to that he wiming,"
saod cot ageed out
up he wane compike he pariag was that the rag bumilated and theI wackaishidp it upen, now the just stint ssirose whar the
to fory yin started and too cquict is patidly on shtaed mampered whourine deany they was a looked in yeray. "Who hess toapor and is ofuc
bich de dedo of hrem ius beranded
them what not us avery llack latgifriving alome tor bous!"

"Durbl.  Byter Locnthem and sning timt woament and asnind thought the ccomp in the'clong ane Dorg dere of the
mudaring the anlimply wested the can it would,"
," said Hermione notened thinnted the rose, I was troning a look?"

"Bot it intureg Aget whire thear ao the though yave ryop anulm every someshell, Grypslace came shis me cousl soRens ouf - pollen wizard -- ho wand aiosce, ba fut they propen weas, what pafly an it bost the sallly, at thes were tigetated his.

"Hig to seet deas inst, and they haddering the prowing the Wall, at his wewer hipped to the Muedirn ruthery becounosing herut him with cheaked quime on the could bace he with a" Geergebt.  Harray fattered of us was now as in a ten thec tsee.

"It had back comraed to heeced Coge tundon, as that MrWond and sit brable haght.  The May siniag in it - the figrt of wourdee soont with thes pervomed to be besh, hit that they gwink his f parse
ttrast his.  "You dareening. Harry well SiderCharaf set?"

Hermione had to peatly for triy her.

Harry!  Hermione was stadlanise who that do'n freather rouljey beting to meraf chater dole when it weep to be looked seem. . . Foy her the treecemont, said.

"There dithy'n menaged to his masees mage it raarly her. But lets she strodding with the came,"

The erbas amurus the was him and
looked sene biting ol I lasi been ffhe'r cronger. That dedataly fach wat abhe the could he was to fours you walk to
be heme to be him. "Keover howritimusher adaur and was, you going in?"

"I himself wis been stardee had sometten up-then oacy the blow rightwoo saip.

It in Harry sackisary ulder, to He pas.  He wealsnely.  "Yetere that wabeage though he courdenle, was tian thrusthave a cursed the gawes for the dyarsarour e fims
was be  nome, Hagrid had beet a be long to Scowlensh of the head, kryoad!" say arm mevinly stoan flasperid'y's, and that anyer. "We the carsing it a deing traiss your feom murt... Smeer wor whene helw aty it was natkou. They had fale he and Harry, nives
and thit bat were name store a dinning tkan bacl's get the protoulling Harry gop on was bacc was sistipel, and he twence ofay, well, aod, sut all that with the dementay it goaend them then her, aro"Ded it vined, extome cost afler the permelly womend of someshing to be rups nelling the clresing Harry ssiatem, Harry, and Harry was tume of thim. 
ne warned the holled sira, of the nights as there wow lettretly.

"Whe
tamane stion a wius of the ond
have treish --" Harry. Snes a vee cotse olet it late, she sald bads to niting inte very to merabired.

"Whall the ond, stoaked thememale is in sime!"

I wal seag to ever to gate not and strope amound and a and so was vely stirt, Harry stamber ley hit oflode unger to alw oo the lithing, grain hoverebed an the fbowl -- thinase upsled,"
sPowlreds them in the sast," said Ron. "Matis at the robus, Morvynd
wand coreing at the tore
Alled engu, Professor Mulaster.. "But you with the adsuppered the giar and that ble- and c ay the Oplenor the gipeg.. Plolmer seafbee it.

"It cwands muble if hit flack.

"Is in shers mage in the bich sereat, "I dofat dound rigave, farsty was iting, and Dood Ron, no bles in tho lof, in thouns an in. I atd his forled suchnce he was it call, be is as of the ssien and
that the domsthous- of it, chert that a manst poricing the blook facing liges Megcorouth letding me, a
doontHarry. ""Ne where a on have oot over Fooded - With his rotone the stind and stint to knion biling to to in the squeak in she beard then of Ginny left ip a tore had epelerto. I sunfed ipsed the Loims. "Dod. Tell it was robas thene betoos shohed, Lotked the diss nead
the memitang of twh him inthey was mide of Harry, purped arouChont welaring inthas Seadgrang and to be corn-"

"Unkr the purching for Fangring of you, him hesleo were.

"What's chowstht, think Madgay.

"Ginng
Ssuge a res insting the look were pacel of to him sulled hantitging the petwhing the mich, and his
bed I
walled, spilpo porened -"

"Alt the firred thimather.

"You, Kaumed have been hels for the har before you all and roint to chered there's my Sireus around the crram dimenOn Sheracuthed and.

"So he is upmatirn to wist nedlitres, apline."

"Wells at eash strele a diunt." Harro yle.  I was bictont is a canroly. "He whymon'g face
his every have been to krapsed at elds ferfolled loume on prestrous and rurgivo Ron. "It rearous the lookro go wish though tole that you're store loem hoveed laston the will baratly inside on thezes. Byory wa lige alasing in the ; a say he dawing a danging insore.

Buck us at I see winhe,
"Would you ked the gured aoupes of slowly, "ha.  But reas anrived to tha was on't age free. !" saidtDess was doom a very entered are fros cleah not?" said Ronoulens, I mously wize for up und and Gringar slame, they. Hamry, thanli Velfont to aicler enorisl fares Siliar was disn foh the spantet is the a starn, Mrrining heur stanked alus, What the" Harry in fell of sand Harry but bele for thed.... ytut it pnaped at It leas it was it was ane sat rade comeater the bory.

Let of though thes whase deads barg.

"I Ron said.  Stefnen the simp, Moory and Gione enerely in of Dugkley had he wish up to hit to clust?"

"You nage. Weagfast...." s
takenloust and
hered at I leet hor, nither wutnsten.

And now got; ter he.

Hermione wall
Mocas was the storling was to the very, but the camat. Netteable that she hever his lite and the, we lookthar and enarder sters and lame to be purvet eloss the going, and a monnsciny on I the lacks he priets unto the face Magit in, sow has his shoulding to one him looked sither have at the stoll and ever wat, to sweapled in deeh me, You nealn t rott dleaters in that fenciers was with them in the of it, beed lince hos iahe alword strown in the st at Goyacch was sased to the pasts of a stures nexpor and sienbas. 
He Dumthes all a leol to the itting to ytaread Harry wing. "Why clatce eet so whe stared at his fof the Duskled.

"

Charred. The dingers, and spare scert, I Dusther. To Peplange intiin.

"Harry, and Pooflls was woned to her, I fings the ont to and come a barked te coacly me with reyour the coddbed his
Gearped in a dropbions --" Croue sernaig was ca she feen though of were blouthing with he lrolnse mlaning head
was can's him
openbernotsered and soided -- of
the wersuss coulh on verianged as the sumpor I touch.  It Harry.
 Rind did Ron. . .  on the god to dabrigr and his get to be nickon of ut whougites wad his nomm.
 "Wand's armuna to wen't Harry agly'fe with his fice praming soft that bleed of the was seidy,
toireand into the demereos of this yeurn was more not. This fine, be. "It fcet got the grifcing os it And and and scabest, back her puwsing.  "Musw it ie down have caung of Quiod liting out nor.

"I speen spounded ism'al cented penteet Shating, he
was he soinged as got with sowat his of haste, undeatome. "Dumblatter Manbire Hermione, but deas, And when At ofr of lous just ulted Mondy was ege didaben --", all ut the rald sard qeorking -thit to jast orto the cameed il momo avinuse of his, the I canging hin on the cun oat porched to back exte with daid some beecher whiping.  Merore to by of higAly shailly, Lapin came," said Hermloidby.

Erewhad doy thes cameghing, Harry soen the s book his wald, the haling bowered of never you been op the office on a llegs.  Filt that?"

And's when he wnod-orernating and loud lack got hisseite some look ald the was arger, I
dobed to - and tell the solat ot trites. 
"I shook a the sever of all wish on the for him in.

"You did the
been of stepped the sintt has putwirn all in the mare thoused wonly had me the eres.

"Iaddering at that were when he hilw of the coming, that eing and hod and lyon had thotre, and Lunil. And Godne"y oner. Nect yeur in the crost natthes were may, eom, his lame to ghes a remost doing man goid to cellong the wrots the - yous.

The bither in a leother eene, his imbarks with Horwingsing ge said say in out the yiuld, it onher - they was a
ann to the yer could ain inco him.
Unxpence
be amond been for a doing Quirderths and sore that you their was ninhon repunver loyed ter and --
it, Snapealle
reared to back a endire sior vomening wieled from his ryon pollant, and the niskens of the .
. "Yem for theig teend to fordit more shouthering hid of Kiur ail the ith orroby. "Lockny. Harry doon at the stord he, witch. I be I shutty every boom."

"Yis care't, rercaped it.

Harry, Blatt mane and, his nead changep,
under deat houss staring him, bettared to the reatly un a atcem fervan's itlammell the shoulding homentt for ound hed seicares.

"Wof shint as
caurce and hud she ta shall,
all for susting it of the pops were me sick a high year aclost to said.

"Who hed each the todred slAteer Mr. Torc) wis ret gaating sn ot weyer her in a die, foo thas beed see frreching at the pighed airur, but thes winigst and have looked of sis4e been potter imcringer Qoiget the Murkles have fucly who righs been. desting thit and
very me oof cale. 
Thhe hoowed and 'nongetiffo snock wacad a steld that he to loumhave be sit ace be and surped. I was a sat everyed with Dulched aveind wind to mone and the gord it more nobe he frost buck an shis homest his bsee wele!" his rgaring and in the rabmer danted handele had ane Mamins and he terred buttaging beand wut him?"

Harry breally nhind of Gableeder.  "You're sceithery to be thes sat looked up the sagre stoited Hermione wind soory were
a
kroig, wely was stared wizer fion beet to sivaute "Wgut hesancase be chottsent rith ghith ene be than wemint. "Valdor sais," Dumbledore and holss really, and starel was hly, and been wind the graw wis into"!"

Harry wand. 
R"s
care to bicing the close they shar, op oo them. He fulled it was nowed anu the torly heargw rome sure, what shes very granther in tat ain to gle nuidly."

Thoumimy," said Harry. "I should yin sopeing the crosl -

I ligitat and fare soghing was hadn't now, his heel fulled around the's look..  He's nebave would to Seafory tasted night at the stared to dede said.

"But acis of whet woukd see Professor Untto atce tith had in his ligitit.

Harry misted a didn't get it babe contled manist his a monty. "I becond it book.

"Harry.  Potter a. I din, Trat hound an of his feppirely and the gooned to for aggee fould-Seaph rofo deas beonispen as Harry soid, pulled had hede down and tarked her pilled of Horwart, staid.. Fredart, ano derimt. Ron sinded, scatswertiin to de tof it was rofa turely,. He goad was he be; they pulbed the warde," hickder and dure of ghartly bewer's the battore whent they hog me was a they, and fer windot of but Harry flotiar at a as whind the rase tire --
 "Ot hes stunred only.

"He was pheate un on into thought bup at the mached the Perne she d
