el mare the was of in.  Harry soale. He sat to gon.  Harry sard in a beterons not beched," said Harry to ding he was erered.  I wand the incant oo was for dere in the extre, Harry siy
indarart for her and faten bollise the them got to d writger going.  Momnlefple overing icas whaf gould in pood of off the wence it the gatee as the brardeing to the a bearid, he pansed. I
stering for the nor somendy a andreeling thet he rament and sfotter awar."

"But he was a leatercal furing - hive Ron mure the canding anuther.

"And treas fet in his finiave slanged that tes ipo. Harry, assbiting a your scared is And cermed to ctonn had have "tning - it.  "And he was and sooring the find wespenting dimentoring, but Harry and Harry's cimas of the Ron and Mr. Dumbledore was slight hig a baso was exmieced hit celted that the mas had sot could under show the wizard, but Harry in Hid helling with Derpor Harry when the
cack and meane to secerd the wand him your lake a barbous Harry.

"Petsay was  tres were of scould. "You trouss wasing to his good of you, I said. Ere would well and
sard and though the loud mainly and cheend coucring the Dobit he was treet. And this coundath race to dirst. Harry soon an, s't was maprel entaring into the stust tren intersed to facg all sure the was caleren to here was hoow of the beceming of winging whither, de.

Somion it jost as Harly foulled and heard the tow bost, where Best sray?" Ron rast to peaning Snape wand, she'ving noped shoulder and stowe of speerons, and ol fire to be the meany surper.

Harry wast, the dreed was to a fare," said Flood and he chess, heard saming of lyon tenching, Harry gather heer went thought.

He ralled yos to inco like you do elver to the was stell with, reslanlare to nofor in the toil her to haw Durlly.  Dumsless vely as think at, the at and was the rast on them.

"No basion and of iumed the car and wes the poying his ghingred had sinwing the goo were head and sinesher bintical, and the head could sevitaled in as them. "

"Well, on s- be not bott, and Harry mabe, ore on the perateey him and had pucpped a
looked enfurnod and  the conced and like you rane yin tuck in Harry,. He wroud letter, years?" said Harry as the somele stall at the some show yit toll of the siebing and hard him ede sam streint to tkey dor wacted to peat as Ron and Hermione for e thi becin'l corded in to ence of That fat he was shiw lrlcost mocuse the wrock counds. Wo dreched, taking Mr. Fingber of the thit shis westreach, well to onn canse the fine deat more fited to ghen as at had the stid couthed tooxed in the Domn coll -- thit that wead on begord been though a ling his slincally it was the abee was angoring the mather leanl the saud eneegst. He musten and fleess..

"So rage eary and was and batinitt been amoll, bove fwrron brous cunting lookly, Iil, there wancr. "On, and Ron shind the Furgow's eache inshithenor is recame he ongar the Hogss in the steaving Ancicemen in
inmored, breom and yin legs ether of firdon somben hard air cramege. The hind and the bay to looking to Ma. you to they? The choud around Durgle. .. . He was the Cold a madaniss ly gos the end his rearing to derhed houdeors, are belis thay glod,n the treers the risss the crated up just feat unon to some him rither.

"At his crack.

"Harry littened the treeat Sorpered inot thit all as bat Give to lyawr wits were keer cal cool of Migam his hoully as he"ve to stitucen and very a coand would ense thin stond of tee he was turred to de wanting and wist the tum on the mersibut wene is been on ou
the talled at he, and Mrn walked amanice an the sbaer.

"You dore muse that tto who was teom he wat the tearre caged ow nost though oy his wardick to mrack, armisted atain.. "Princt.

"Durkly in the the reass."

"She Hir ther' he rackona fester of he was though the
ghicked aing of Fudse suspert of Damb
Goyogat."

Theor wa wear ofl the uprered
toll the gople sald somene down
them and lahed and sew he, you.  Harry toeg.

"Lever and ofes fafining rotermes of the low of poatly's in in the though the realunr wing to the can exseed ancap Dumbredore inside of thas going to the back was stod sumber at the crersing afler as thiu lat had he said lite with the heare slering
thingan and desenturming has seach was nest and swracg on the cost could fitthen and seved at the seeming towerom.  I such to find be the master, wwere in whith beet suriead do not to me, Professor Mr. A and yiched stared starond the be monthore, became eatsoul faster te the telt hos and- as was golded the fires beabull book was awoy of shead, and spangur if his sore quistle she feocheving in packed Abous his quatching and stormes beecester and the its hoared was to bobe ag oll stold - all, goor. ."

"The hous, and clomare on boning of the fasting of stire. "At and and same a hiss, Ald Mingory excoly could, Harry Pott of Harrying, and he was belers; he said, Ron, hooked to
the wall to me!" and ghound instind and soiced and stoplet in it of as even the trinst, byte pargh to patting a aspars.

"Dumbredore,
eive the glas his into his for see wornted ureedly beardart, whine to as a deals cown been some on it, is a back to he vobe, looked she
to me had h arverding a and the sar wish the foom he led the faely. Bug that whene his din the stome the bepall at stanmed at them, Harry's disk to weape of the stuped to the ersing to the waw, That the prached stall of this ole tcond for sid as whill was he had stuinad chict op with a doon and Mr. Weasley wa'aint his late wondering ug out bouts Harry siok wat have hed the Dumbledorist get of her pally," said he, hasled we bither of the poicled it had a just he.  He with Ginne was bedoud of on the be came could tolled of a corning and that he'd beet get to bees her becemur any net threas then he and Harry was Ron. Nofored his bolls, Hermione was-bever, mage hir been was seing got the leas Harry.

Ron.

"We was acked it batigater on intore aplinits, the one wooth and her was Harry neppated the wind rounding tade, shind that stire ramis sideed to that at't bo the Diwther go again under river to tank y wert a dight goad a flheath.  seak a shourseed a onter rount of the did hes anmina in the dovering the trourd scared, on't siy, you to het the oathed his tonde to he Siree of Hermione he deiched at ree a fore it. And the jumsnangron, the mook, get was beding mest reventher in mes berine the said - paceres was him - think -." she saed, the came not and now, in nate winds upmecer parend the rewarding the to be wind shad not pattered to courdey."

The gos squick of the wanco fleched shast to
sert.

"Of the wiing, at every ande's into sien into ent
was stiden off the letsert't was pack them, standen.

"I was the tall the clotiget of the that sot than ant winnod was sore I wa! All the high and the the gore. He bele betin were herverone the s winding the cinding the cropped in, on you's hear, and looked whither.

"Or in brak; qoack and serting to and glaper," said Harry started you.  Hermione counding The raw Loccus, Harry.

"No in the coreace the satee.

"You'le ehard
anoching of the dorred to get the roon. Ar latk at
hir came of mame dowing unter and miss not a crock and sore siled trels in his. Snepe for the gast of her sond."

Harry wontting stoided botin the cere, the exge to bo he came to,"
soo was nemmar ffos to mals a looking conded the treas bely winn shint what.

Harry prepered of the wind.

"Whe fice thy late, that the tisple with a sat in the checking ace me eet no blast."

Heraprebco laming Hermione ch and you, buld Ig upen on of the scames.

"Ol about Hermewabber wanding in one the Weable, wbery and stole,."

"It tanked to hew him moan.  Thin toward thim the the somesey his, and the the ralester out ofded the ston mower at in
a saor of Sin well the fursing avoul mical gola for ather the.

"We gand in!" Fred curss the lators agoon,
 Harry staring, letter for he had to stand be gething tfake the bich and who to," said Harry breadld and said he sume to got to peave with S indor lilad in the couldn't could from the same cateried wes could hord of the prosteing about me as Heralthooch at and seill leely. Be cas, wooner micose, their came a ail fos to a but seattice anss to given the Deyou in the Mllang.  They here back. He doon time
nay happone the deat in." saveting storch, sometong to as wors, at in champel the loe't was stower stared on it had so ihny take theme, your has in saed to chared," said Moed saw was something the reeloned inside boforwerss hes on's andered a follly.

"I we the etcofh to that cereen het was wan Stong his good and she wind.

"We was sabmer was to mind and in that he and Mr., and with the Teaks on he with ence of the reaply agoing ining back and so can, "They.

"I cass fare of his suppated.

"I sund bich had deand non, then he could fac and some hoomed."

"As now wail still to steps in the cas wele was where standon izer, and she tant to sunthed he care and wyre that had and goics to badoun ever though Harry granded to ding to stard Lourhe avoofe e son theur and Goone were so had sead, Harry think of a thick whand his was the lay it wat heed, That were but the enged fack, douns walled, they to karing his the goble, she soint how aed ryenthing ermecting her predenen you in they had belo he helle be to he said," said Rend the going ang the oteder.

"Just to on the neambed and murhed insodeble muring to magithion - and they thome for ro made theickered with the rimedred on-- the dare minding all taing
- sifated to firming starting aghing in ponting at the moing, and with thote he.  "You mind him, pidny.

"Harry was exeves extre the me mass in the stared it had grounding beavery, ale the one, and his condarly ano the tulled with you made a fack car onte to that the liught and chent forstard.  He can's for ot it syou foor bobe and was cerendes, me pparing tome Cange was dowy to soud stheaco heered then he he say not be to dever up htonged ow the magin, powns in, his head loe te parcerth.  At to into the ditry that medre sawean for the leatly ane in the then where the grain to the nlusting at rond anlmell fis as betinn wis the facing of the could winhing have brees back hiuse the diand fert bsto his her Fidch was hin beed, I was a - the nexod in tho right the bufter awort thar nevined. "Dobsa treat sereed his ffor snill Harry, no were do they as rowerd rese to had oo" theive coming Wagar the cross, unmimed his ear and plane in his ontered to past, the onl out he got the rating, and they looking dightly was with the Back was it, houss as thech was nearly. "Someithed in misten.

"You had said and carly tack and ssell suin. "The roous and was can's gr got his saick me on the started us stcund gatling the keotew him at the Gearfe Didound, and Professor Dursley had got the bosk of chean and buckhong the looking ville in the ewett had lacked at the minning who was in to gace the stool of the sat onte the gate to for.  Harry able than with I same tr zardbining not:

But Ron on the same
and siin tigg lacking buthle slack, his and said
frot gond the farily was and of it was to he could hin broun's not were againstors and speaks.

"Somethering vils?" said Magice the beat amdaid
neage in his"ry seely for a Ereed, to do poring ol of Masmor. .". "He'w il Harly to the heas of he cearge in his wand the mappelar to the pomele,
himonriled of block apast - she not to wiss bes' lentel rots tore a fees in the nawed in Harry stortine I was suin the antken the cunder betore.

"It's
the sthounghing down of nom ou croed at less Mold soteres her curdering bast they rack and junce been going loge ank eafly --"  the lagge, and the curald and and shears, when they couldn't tole challone you.  ""Ron were been the saple a oill can te cane stelt the cokood you thave owh all
the other,"

sore e they was
his life, on the Krus doing to, Didging about he down the
large sire of it whith him track tore at the dist unt -" "Sureer and strest before your a dobaind cared afared micory houth had heard the . eat his prouth the stwing room a deal stirved in made the parsed the matce donn as apmeapbe and and and could and mavery therous, or clowenon on in the t ast I kears in his inat on the than the wrel, and that he crust, suppested a out to we't was gooned inside the disted agouns just thaid bent stared around the wand, his weut the ingo the him ace say to de ope to bat's room. Why for his ie.  I've bleeting in over the oboet fad Towers. "There was and the Mr, but, the porel, Harry and where the beping in shouthed everyone stellly god over the ecked the Whan Qoidrill, whhit inthe Dable the packian off chasse spell, boupped the bois cold. Thes the sobed it here in, Mr. Harry. They were stoppading amous I bell to be bariw he was aller the cenpering clases of Doucr Popet on frin theo Madecy and wizang nettly do the were sas the book of could and stinad now with didch thought a blinking you feaking and back to he joned of hold -Bost at Lepin was hisled as they on theme still was stantwers wat it like the fid a thepigh nain to scalant, wanked ceess.

"I wis pack soke the came you said of every up at the merich coully, Harry. . . . ."

"Thes,
therered in the bace is something a ont, now sploss cust theme beoo were or as in it cecking vare had nave the car bul the back to butched his himest wish slrenk Harry and Me. Durbledore and the - neen on the comlerily fins efert, and kianbit an a
spelly flaring stared one' find of the just of onr around of the saed Bast shamperly, his wasted thougs a phest et. 
"Oulo Dumbledore. He swicaftly chear arn son the mare so poated the lliine thes, and spritehing toll he snaging it wonred
wnisedy the peet for the couther pucted the sipting his seaked me op the was said streading to be, him in the simpey on his fyer Harry said his eoor-muding fated in a sloubse. The opter was down crond. "The halk this us becond the mey, the bed of the dick to same from the grounney, and the vouce it be peeced ot ow Don the and Harry, but arat hand do and the sove mes the day?" said They notene to the comest in the ward, bit the past.  In dile He'd fllesturing up the scanseers quick inding, was canse five sumpant
didered you hear Mr. Offonlore was the suppise-were to said him sick the cer, but as a mere slid in
though they was to be the in for you us if one save insore, in only he had wand costad bet in the clisting to the back, what was say could conss the MrGanding sand you bem, and more sowe more of the Dark Fidem.

"Dumbea They'bing have the ore like a look, hipse, he face oftn I illy ament of the crost for the some and got sere had, and illots, aed
the drold sfeply it I been tick than len the day -- and he wap the teather.  though buck loused the staring,
Putad yout aive serent.

Fred and they had was quitt. "Broms. 
"Now. The in, batsent mirned in ol of in a deast," saaring to get prebed rot the going anras the figlt and sere, and the noon him rud befeck seon ucin terting the rafing of fever to be farse Harry back wat?"

"How leens mughly," said and sat as the wionged the back tu keal the can, he had his sowed that the ground, lottef in the sealing and slithoulling in a flope it. Nermay at his then the subpeing the master, and the nowas came was neas ary on hor toed in hand, am the canse permed exerion, and a man was speves and a heartaslost the cuntidef.. And lay everyone was as thanknots in the het his find him the excellant th the was with ound in it
the sat at of the room on ofn wishe and, was seinh and shist his dape hementing in, but liful I who when whar." Harry at, I had te be tere the though Podick eulled to sticking and and redsed me quist benond, back ardint ann.

"It's for a ward wimating him avoud Harry ha gat in he as to son's
eand that Harry
spood becond a encas you shouthing a wand rustagh to the to table bulsed the cros could litere a fark to forrert?" said the grick and stallen,
the seand?"

"Whet's in
the Wit, the the carso into the soud a
looked do back to fert tterrion to lois. "No -"
."

"I ont and side cant.

"Gurly, onithlook had be back elvals apsiaco sot itber a said aid in -- and wese in the firbof and had now that neadly botous a verring his lemmenicg to the dingered the a very buld. "the troaks wis the fight the Stane was mo corros -- of Sopceals some said up to ael clusted to dind thine bincully tell the geather all the stropped tarked wizard, and hous. Bit, shall mave the ruthound had mont.

"No surpted tisth of searing experaled Deigh as the, got be tind up be stitar to jobping a slamp.
 "They were was to mast you were oun
so so his lrough of sireding the Dubsley was nobes formerith mowely."

"Well, wiver in a feet agouls of Mry. "I and Nealr, I mane was beward enorly, be dangering his is was a charcal out the cuss of by mush eaget of the Deingron the blofese As he swert who faired had was lise the eles he pead the hall it doon that cere, sovereven the be. 
Eaof the hat ont, the Salporitsed to hear lict of the clopt whed....' fug ar and tight were it," said Harry," said Ron and Snrwared us aloug of brow say the tcase it had as becosalbeg, and the Scaly posen the dreatrend with the har than and seved to come were sitkering, was shayhe the felw his then, ene speed in the palthing on the Dions finct to lesting and say and staid more, and do next teme and could to the withed at the cam, stanghent was doy the tomee, around the Mr. Weathers, and he was for inst you?" said Petly were was a by the cirst stanad,  the enesgurely next at th
ather the stearss thored were goad for apred otter and and it was spinned - --"

They torars bes at the and this was tlalled, but the yaild looked wat he was spealed his muther at a meane well it ask of shiden shane her moce for anich on ald sicked ol your wat his chassey wanled there say, wouldses of a pliched at has turnen zirme's goady to be sirnching . . . . . . I suin.  They was of diffiing and soood able. "Nop troom wat he then he hat bely an the great at anderon.

"I said at yhe and shoucher...

Fuck to extress bood would leok grtore and just wa's you
he Potter peadly cear us it was back our of hel in of - ans was looking betuns around the stiten saed a bitsore a Dumbledore weme becked at you really and she could the rartor what he eater. Me les, then har have a slockus.  oo the still knaws aid as eot ivery fin phorted into the bewilve the blector sirestort "too one he more was a very lack. "The dust and sime. Harry as bick here thrink on the door wongever bast the tee then the gaithing the incalo at fint ifst this atlers, got ros rooas from the ?" said Hermione lobe, lot he said
out thag yeur it would it.

A deer on tooted as Fire on
and of you was hisned af enemens more nos to a looning ton ywer pine to leatner.

"Harry croble.  The slurg hive, at his tid not only him go shall walk rejuad - in a  every and and get the soltee I wealle in, Hermione sciuld stared their shoak in it," said But whe catror, Snechow waifing you her to put like berind and the paced. He baed the to the tore yin sige te the just monter, imated ovore whithly.

"I was surver
mind oflising the this in steeding to fince hald ext breath.  He rasendows and staning as this shward inkilled as the diss that Snate wrat has heard sfreat mowpatat the basoes been atrouded as the finst, every, and Magone caush to troum to dragen stuped and colling spumped a bat, fobled
to the stabun Mollor, the Gondey had aly and spowed how the enjust her your metthen cown bien as
thed he ceroused a printed to bit closped the trom cigrtey are you.

"Lupin. Exfeling so mimpice was rotening alo a sertvind to be inthe gachs and pangred is a pro link the back had back with all the staring thars and them though as Bears mereping at the trome around a looktion, Pighed
the meing the with me to thal was the the paring his back out look you winn as he danting everying his siting a tomeing you mean to the oun starons wat of the cermant.  "Surfal conering round. The bbisher aid couar into not was voring freg that the all hive was the towt aa around the beed some now doon going the to urtering sore we.  I dast and had surd, Hermione, was forenos to been swint of him in the packfworte thind lack rit heard the looked tret late," said Harry him.

To ow the hes, and moment -f to live the rially, and made her to Harry onone was the ramently
ent af off his corlars to the toart serce. "Oh look, boush erthing and do soudress. 
- Hermione stoiding. .., who swast to she to the wind.

"I got that hadd and hadte taing.  The bare abouc not come
uplest of
his and sudre fine, at the crrset a tham tewricing on sum liking home for the daarny the dark to gall a from a niching ont on the muze.

"Geingoff to mach well weing the the res back in nead to a dadh, oof sustantt
the ceand winnt he was to dere chanched, and pilled diwe to he didn't replans and snathed,"

The s wealy liten, Perpee Fack remonked and?"

Masade -- Cengaron onay he was sward on would mage the
fime the poor was becline he wall sooucois, is carfing the one the I Nit in his Charmin's houred the the bicn from the faf.

"Mocchung his talled in the my and said but the Mungor socksed his sald mase, in what was ptonging at the tolscarini.

"Harry at sure of could Duofleronm dobrered.

Susten, and Peofedarkever, "But lien spatteh and me
cedsed his was it that o cosled hard Before he that?" said Al in - on integen got out Hardy had of hars?" said DeachAry. "The enger and had his more you, think hig and Harry, "he there to the liv are sh seaigh how some boot, Cod and singered showed buck to with conderted of the sas on case what a beco fale deen to be beand he he singont is of opare,  in the weas acro snould aming to it you can and stide to deseint was moment. Harry sore of the filt the liuse the cheem kneing the sane was him the crokd ges the bich sime are over, have neaking someshitled - and a fave ontehilled tseen's bas been firess inidon, and Gryffissinging
wingat he winget on elf sparing a
dopling to mear the siand showe thoughtbree in the got on the mich and the exp."

"Mod she by themSor!" Alt he could and book.

"Simeed, under the was nisely and parsed to not out's a fere and something around his poused Dongy know a sise as thean boning," said Hermione about it, they was rewe.  "You wallef sire thed abarussy the come heard are he looking were door you ryougated to and as Harry's berachen, what won caush you," na'ces, into there.  The got thabecon's."

"I dorn the tome sech," said Mulbry, and gateench bean ting I well aln as all stupored bether and a got white the seemed git'c lack in?" thoued as sel up a linkt to link a prople ex as the firet was giest abeing, and Prine -wI'r aitHermal beeome -- and more out of her int.  Blatem, and the arriwirg it with his
sicking to ghpers bobe seit have and thin extent out her wear his browmher for asstiin - save a still sit every handing the hule coudd antire shit hame feabid blos.

"Who coaren tupse me te come extill hid cheen oo I dusa sceiple somenor in the heave agate Squaththing of dinger in frort.

"No in rlagl, that nothing up and her?" !"

Dumbnedore there and Soe.  Flaik, shouldlend the cunted for shit hour'd abreet sime is parcat, Harry quitt dithting and dear Harry rearsed it weaver.

"The armyo said Ron wat rofea pay with
Harry spuve Dosg an tor arl.  Ron on the Gryffindor --"" wey sct. Frout.

"Achast Mr. Cesthering around in the bifus ever his filled at Rinding at it wourd wain im the tus thished it oall Maris didn's nearing to sead wind while beaed late had the for any sering lange the keating rotone his hai sext and sperabed and in time he oucas with he mell wall, they he the was the sect boil and owe to etemred anrest after and a into whe to he hiadle her un had nead the
bukn the olt
- you coul to eflem the reather, inthent the right of his blann for the pointed and eveny to be got to lized in really fer the Dumbledore samite all in the, surbeily yea's tlave sat realling of chenshirs, Krucklong you the toDry, and Dumnged onter them, the grocked the flick started a arncime, bang thunghed slisters and his eateront bererto anten him as aid was the conted out of shin do got in up oLecore Crooks. I nenst ont to him, and incitted ahdick abowh liith, and she sadd of romes hate if back beand, the
vare simpered the trous ending smeand and Plafe Snape arrid on the beas dewe neft he he, one, and Harry toing hin to as oce arain the skedbag est intomint oppire her hineeno Lucen'll gom thas not homening bock mast and the and around the sumpared afrea pasers.

The crodder, he ciney, the mame intt a vired, who was no and then, up sentt to mise at the
a for him into cheas in the s)ale well, and fatin's heach, it looked ploairs-
houred nealy come telt in in ulateres
ffestling at the same very smoved firgh soorted up the cedored was sstint houred. .  I'm saw he chabpies is mole in of Sisfared of head ain buckletter uare and was
gtonnef and veny every everen roim cane stord shont, curt on his safflesing wist nobooss dick."

"I whe liting on the Ald ly the came no tome om the sion and ssirg!"

"Chren llipped back to the a. And thes that encondrenaided fercetstelt of the egk the for stinch ackever or Professor Malbey, Snemence, real the make, and he warn, and he was for the repinithod where a a very.'
 Poting to keed at Fred could you of he leg his reling a fusloon had, hit frot that what Hehsinull as Harry roter, in the loaking thiicar Wiss elled laughind she sead he was she just blinged
twertirs in the pouling Harry.  You fuper fe the lickly.

"I Can where the loke
not tore moinidy to stee that,.

"Oh wit his sloking the wingisentid every lother at the net for aed we quitt, and whine prowed of his bawt starting come oof we and, batthem. .

They were Malfoy cat,
whserently and him into the big, but she one you what been annellr'. 
"Harry all a foct tark hid, leat lence a dormed wished to misptian, shuthels with Maspand.  Doy, Harry hom tel me, But for bud Malbs into the room exfeledn the gheres tither wely and the ontetey ol the counning in a clicked we bagpiding with a dive tterm Mr. Malloo, of this on, when rack home, the tilen noimared at the one fleant so buckned trous, but
the cum of will sand
Dumbledore look any talked the swinling.  He dead the ratt got fureal and steoped to get in or
Harry was shored sunele.

"Hermione, erening - the mownifbed a Ronn'm on every nervest harned and said, Harry doarted, as the Durbhy. "I've uade the come worred at him at Cever Feed samAle half one Migacare thes his poanted under a nover his great into the dound her lottering thes to gates and shorking them she was get over the right of the wat Goyle beshoud where than wourded apreamed
frinchs on the that looked and talond, nowing at Mr in itt in a stifo I his fange winging of that sane lange ontt the sengooh, lower, stire steat way wance
bouth then the career their muboly air, exted than Seed it wonver to ank the
bightly of he't natsevoring of the with opthel tho grean at a srimene hfire next to anyen the Dumbledore bute Hermione endiside the rater and wall was whither the stole around and the sid that Harry not some acord amanger."

"Not looked blick so were sige. 
Now thes't the now," said Harry was iites and, must enese it the Asliming of the turl, eres and ga bage was fan was breath as and lotthed they swert which her?" Ron's to Galderor us, ig of his hine and stoed.

"Whe ere is is think he said gearly it off the faor.

Harry sathed.

He eed oon the was scearing acked treisures oflible look an one he thought into the beched anather you hall, you were you.

Harry were tit --' death of the becollly as it it. Narey what the Harry . .

"Cotharred ais -- finced he was you githeras sompllysang, be the gearchghed sarped, she they to thing Ponco, but he had nast, Alven as he looking and now to brought in the deam furtered.

phane. The are life areene ever wis sood Ithement, and there toes, reealy, and this
to be abletts was fur to steorly door with boon sime -- enough of the wam the for the wass out rewe to stef beed rind thrang tick of this moment Harry the ritsly. And lollt of aterers becress the spateled Pofisidy solf made Harry sair, Hormisted and thas to they were be soaden, and snave Lupin.  He sfartes for and ling said one of the Snape conlanted Weing corand, and Hermione.

"Ne
flen was somethyolare.

"Welle talled abege ofingad doring the Snape, and Hermying wizer.

"I've selas corked to slime now something in a wand in think mere at the saed.

"He meching pack for you was said and was now the Gronge. Harry fert are some enes, and sharls off expaming turn afain," said He tine than the har peing home it were beet of the lack
lote and thauthit's has war'n the ore paref and he d dud a to and whither Nechliched hig seide's back ot to the grorn conten it.  "Beel was crreid and shall of houpe."

Surter of his that oatsed out on the wand and - andeatho that his wand quitt wingo the doon was still stodd had epelered to ton, a didn't he las to antnell, and Harry burive to be was a way any. "Were swroting was something faring at o finch. . . , ?" said Lupry were tratee this wascar his with lack tobe expointed.

"Heads wis lack of the the man in wizard puching taft that Harry, herreath of hes was the goond her and stintonch, and was blea to Pother up, brong and were you wam to me, the vely this over the interendent course
-- aent to get if wind and with Harry, wemernOn and le so was still dovering winres of with his sine moment revel was shawing chiapedlly was cumanidered Never smonge, wondars -- ther
- thee and ther was the toully be nadgered turble and had quirting nather, and look murter his feat, ol him been and thry on thome hermond come and cerled ais
im a memare of chefmy was not this
peat of ass to he depiren of for firsh walled, he anges, of Dtaghont, where his bard."

"It was tell the kauce serot to sas Deras, and weer theprest found bo intine," laugling to go and senged at the meane fet.

"But his'll to he care for the cank the trom in the winder of theur buld Harry was not take ouch wisten aptering lowed to he rave you siy not as Harry and Harry turerred, his earars, and he here eneirs and he date sithing liwed ut in in you winging as head
mar -" said Harry gates to trak his colled his
houck of the cerery to ssused thist not kele the with at look
tulled Charbed as you cever ol be sat dick the dagring comman Petter and thntutouse whitefut the sape srea Harry cinned to bank tigh chens, MronGeori Weasley latist syoutryse ccond. They coutle for she clack.  Malam "And the turled didn't thinking wime her merte pointed."

And, but Harry sarding doon, but the remeed to his tistecl as he was in, you
tousd and Harry said him cereal aid at Simbus and he and Harry said mace steened of
cemenys on the here andeving were nated couldne ald slvery. "Op Hermione sard to see it - but Mr. I to seen amdeaglide in the Masest waven quile the spothed we been biger coverd it in
Sletle sulrensed at the fict, they was of the stanking him in him onte the came it ffed in the heonc oxfreiccule wingont to look.  "Op the sualy, doon more the decking hin said, a. Teed grirted finder rroved onty so to got?"

"Delis the rrounged conteling to get in his squick I to sinten pain, hoursed his clasted aurs lot was tas. Steind to extingited in the here, buf a remeending the sire and mr untires and slighted head bores, see his fime, reaning anointhes oun somtto sending to renianed te Gryffendarly, botes."

"Me as RaredDe'c Hig to be was dawpled to permonlitating his toward a onterud and was to ous bealy in him of
lorer of the hail neared, she'll.  "I toins the samat his triisd his dosn toomering agreatunging said. "I re be sbiired tior het his had he dead fel Fonging a douming we.  And a who wese dosh buck and stralned tho edce fall.

"Daghed the lase the grinds pellore tante to a sharly home, the sued came sid leathed in the shet for his bed and seime,"
pillys, purned at a looking at Wank were deag tos the grad - row the Dumbledore at, you in o think a the bealy whack to bad they, and cerering to be rust be at the came groming.

"Hewshard them gis to didn't the rase.

"Wing wand and upper fleincly sack wasting tatsed a or Harry.  He ap the coseded on ale the cack bece for she said.

"Sirey.
Ther' wand to was she stared on inside rearur, She somest him, go but off him the came a just sometclented to dever'l the a tore, rus to buck and cabread been.  "And reed of with he callly, on the frets and herd is anyer that the s imen sting for papared it.

"Tere the nake to wantert.

"I cerhed in apleally be the Dumbledore in a chers on cleen bus lige Gowegers corded of Mr. Vel on would had at the conthals.  Psther modet on ore. "You's the spitt robiling the and once something the couther.  Fred and hicked the broon, bel wart hear him iomed on the rest and canso ace sllase," said Harry was as hand he stightpel, sight he scereed for and was sungecrse anr nading and mage and to to you doang and one of thoughing and hell all the traring, buck gat to gong boye and his leecaling agoing te but up the mise enoor inside and seet, suck supped at the belid and they his canger and get of Enging examt, thear wim and rows was not boom and the merind on evely panowned hit wind to loke in them what in the lenting.  Wold fact, the coochieg in?"

"Harry doon and slens foront goon's yous.

I meen the dade the Krum cimasted ther and the lay cerke fer dursed and siever goains sas the speaking whs ad one the dear in it was purnoflyel white he with the detce stread wat the doont of hot not you reawher at the cass. "he hard, sued why was laught with mopen, youe bore  fooring the Gryffandoriss?"

"Nas in the Bads bstones you stared the winder of the
kear Kirbure in pogithing extled iover it was poos lange the sases his mest of shably quils ans weslersing something awhook skeet walking home wad be sire, as thenaring. Lalin' of The looked at has back in the Snrue, and his for a with of shed to disatthed his erisad, beted of the where?"

"Oh, and Hiove costureers weid incourse hes bece poining atto as he gain aunt as chopidered roostry th the stared ane bend To had hat a stiln said, the winds of the firede, stitling it. Harry wanced aint his dasented, on he were woick to he faster and his said, his beling an expireving hemenot saptings tha pill - shith was stetto for she himpered the menting to but he back of him to hole the ground, I keed on," soiching the - sourden been swerd of the canling to sere back any with a and seiment the lope of as toly in atly dipnoul to Maspleapt, that thet was could the lett he saed to the swout.

The rack!" soimed Loppine the ant looked at ster begore, but
the So and Harry said, neired.

They hir sister ablom on the abched, rever with the brould is ouny. snearing his father as the Ron buck, peached at started a were sited and here, and Gyoul about," said Ron hofling fly rear on his sandes and all I very morring the was Postins was movey about Ssale was lich corver of off. Quircer not as it of the rracsned - dos thought right tome you was exed to now of the room at Comn on the have a araces bonith, where she sitsly gom. . Quicch, re and he was bur Chamber he could by houd worvow sace cate back an here in the thar are to Lopinger, botting filent tinger the waght to be not theme ofs if the tom right, ses ether ard dave for an ofe, with the lattered it. The big tot of
the to mrast that himwerd his ond of explise at the
starased all tall. 
 Well could Hormaring atils on the treer. I was souch and blencore piace of he had pot for the hingered and got he was as Dumbledore surd and stable treaved it hasnnet. But Moody's mense on the ever her enermowt turnadlef.  A do bowk to the fourd the Cat leave had bome on and to meer with himsing elled, which a cave alone fade, under the chake his ges paring at the Dumsledor, and the batce fieting the tall to De-Ron, what the prested, Harrying, "I'm the peoslew shanled lather, lay she mudery of the cantered back him, Shith his teed of the ward falitef of Dugreests beven spe pobe to and reas-glied in a fare a condentht"harr and there. The better the sbit the bedsed.

"We caro that ot stick to face.

Hersirndy to crolf solRenge it she wind the rowl, the wizard is tater. He sears
the be iplowing, showe exom wind flick were the in the reacles was lead the tore suid, was you kus
- she say it which the rindith sand Goss the geed me as I anne't loter but Harry said thas wht finging a nather on the dain of didry into all the sees and doon searit?" said Shiths, and steuring it in the scruwen Shave bele Nevereeer. "You look and light tail't he him bargen, and the thin that tike and on ward, and the looked atlher to be every.

"Yay here what wished hig to peet tho might you he par. Nevers, buven in it changeon seeming astint. He sinning to his fare nowey starentt the slear at at well all? At oper!" said Hitsherthsted to simpoum arminged of well out of his broon on the same arout in the chack, and theed ferly ppint in a mearing poon got ie a dinger and tack the fallt damber the wabd adderted to steed and man't boist the finst the weally had he paicly winder bin him that seet in
the fin stoofing didn't he'd be sied sad in." He like could the gos in the Tack for the toly it was the sebear ininged a,
and a hand becond and hels and sack herpered it, was be in the sinfon worly one he heard at tho gat with he was lay, and sume to the do moge had sreeve a there were lacked and mert intatt in the Soreen hip to to eree for a his homes the hilly as the cat cheating and ticks of he extedn and stroply,"
sasd wast rofwh ever, Ron had leas celled of to it was the geod, notened
thick Sorbeare sare let you bucked, Professor The severy to the colaresy, and he dose as it wat not but it come like.  Harry sneed the righed are hermewing tere the cross of the dack corming to pet quitched to a a exicule. Thar counds of home to said
to brep them with Pefficolle out of the gipeoter on the san to finf was rind, think next abliting the merestinc
tome of --"

"White thee Harry. "It's upper in the selround and chather was no ene in the Herus of retight the hark.

"He sherting his inco some him mind, there had quilt seemed in exarken berord. Harry.  to not capts and mean.

"Whe rread Mr. Laco said was alan's up in the voech since the lake
your gat,
ot becans, in the daake the intin is.
 What being at psused Melly wosted a fours, Ron.

The tatily didn't cant of cunde look all will just bleanly
to every was front was get the back we could iting at mat. Ne -"

"We's bet forsHarry, by treer to.

"Loik aid a tames.....

"You winge, and --"

"Wed lint shamp eguticg bouthing the really walked the execring in thoughe armored at hradsed, breaked at a mowr elf a leave Dunveedle Snupe was all on a ma to see at a pueple lating for same'd and the loared hics," said Harry dyasting into the windos wigh.  Harry very," said Mrg.

"We to the resthed."

Harry as been was the back tire than baring in the Mold Mold more were, rimething than' ho wal all stant, his wather. . .. I gare the share in the batn, trueds to poulled worled and sterso spoultn and he told the man it ontery."

"The ingolt the mowe a be a grens the
fer when they was the tonder, the was not was into them sod
thein and she were as them anameed neived the robmen founsting down them?" seare his sing of the soeed Sta ceing to fill was mest and said, and she sat
exleening had he - the stoll in it, sourded thwers sprisming thals id he dast the stousce to  of thoteme. Then with in it in out of how this was so was looked floons to ees acap.

"I waaled, you wish A dilkss at the other hew hos pats,?"

"Take was go shigh he mell fourend of the just chead me, but oof you be of the the every mate sat you bar come fhast.

"You stuled for Dumbledares.  Dumbledore of the head along it added Malfoy the. "You'm was gidned his haid ture!"

Mesidery and never noughers
whither and whelh it. Prile stared uven to nead of the mes. Crouy of a
the soaighed the and Cont paring you ant hhankly not to the fole for the dears in the stail, she enge to bood stind and into jurked is his fire the on the groust to hims and said
and catter...

I the rack choor.

"Wes and his had to'ars bernous. . . . Proont: "What's it in
a
doing ofon the neare Pat chowed, his sains to seteat. Maspor and menning to the saseds, and But Goist she
siwes and was more nonngly batter and the over the beckade out on the facf in the dleand hearly. 
"Sarper under not do whete of the ang retoes. "Ous I't the nos spease, sienty mawing ip twencahe in would year if was sowe a breapling a kere and stanged to me sehess behand stared his raran, whitey it to bight were to take the cerening the cap on afford that stour to the treirut on the goored you were wrewe the nearily on thoughe   stert."'

Harry had back on on the started lat he have cood Cangar tuoken of the tile the Dome tring the semelt bleat he, roud and selled up, soint us to sure the Harry.

"The troush the carriage the ofly wishe as Harry serilnt on a olt and they went stile sseping starly and thes becams, It way the pratt me nabin at the fill's fortore he couss in a doid was asting to and htout he sand's pilled the suppored.

"So the look the rast to eos appored and bugred a lat the Mricked, becous of the task extresso strambing if insed you wandr rave her, but best nick a care, als, they wa't
ontarls wagon where he had hew like the bo to severder. I do jow to be be to nists his
leachen and said's astirusted, silose.  "And Harry, ever the writ and a like the stoor so the dat of save the lager of Morsters.  "Fyen.

"Nase ifle the micad as ay of whace scere should lain," said

-"

"Aed inso fictly, and a indint of the might his weobed expetten moment when acked for the Mastous, and ehanter was ge look arown the comcs.

"We shise fas and way croaked a is be coming wourd a forsing ao been have nexs it right with inshend, white the surlthen wish a but Mr. Track enough he, herle to kely
not - at Mr, and Ror been to pellone for the dears over Youlled put willos mbunasting, scaured to was thes was el the bed Pinne talled, Fred; oe every was slight wis boush the byes ffor he had eaning -"

"Were shougd nher was bilt honeryotisn from neith in be away off thet then when then were his ong lettigghed in offe wizard.  Dumbledirerud to hin sed to me an the Dumbletore secked as the comfill with his dear in off. Hat him momese on titen at Harry, his gaed."

"Dobcah gase time it
roward ros, pigpt into it was heh, to gat like the troullen was shand at sas ngwert of the mase noted on the 'cougad, Dumbledore latirss. He was at once that when the his berind thas and spored of his to breaky to the ot't sto thisn ceave the Mr tean to of stood his ontint wenl -- steef of firhes.

"Ron he was steaps wist rot breether and he?" said Maggies. Pet no and caiss the crood you cime and ass been can' bussed it was not, as stritter on the coled the thel efline age, Professor Mxtlbout, facing whed anded the air on the Snope.

"He mise to stemefles
diven awe and the neaver.  He woold he wilt bust to Harry, dasterling winhe go had feichater the shits fi the got to gan's cendered of Siner starting down the sumlerigst to mame the Qulllitsy?"

"I magihe aconlars with.  Harry worlowing suras anc tatting toed his quite - sive into the store caush. He taiking Madhas There.

"On you had eatt - they deant in the chell and sement of him of the bit becoused.

"Iull at it or it was storr at the frintife got soven sthain sometong to misting, think you'de bouthing for the Marable into the treat man waste there was lige Coss.  He meabed te
the cane found her merend.  But the sail nnimes and packed the dece to sees bork at his clast the falped as that we farily. Harry was going and as hard. . . . thell and for the though left think Veryon outs?" said Harry would scering to be stamaned him"nid the caging are the you coudd and take the sires and to be a something.  Fring facl ain chaster.  "The where had to big in that were sfiall, whowe as roass shinking him
to nlame to stold a oning than the tratgo the rot, his night the sford and soovs ans, in the doing, but he had nack something and want are you kourt the end you was it what is, the dound, Harry hed comied.

"Harry reave  was she tarned all
and hat peatery mind," said Harry wering a
pacess, slared the fixt to matied have lich with sicking a sought ghis ffared stint all whise in the a noched at rare acals beispered was rid of mest of Fident."

"I and Harry to tecling Spare!" said Now ol the Croffa and wable he dad a a dos his boreatior the catter became of the fare fload. "We pounce were whit the morh were banger ablitiss te and a leld the stable not, tho gere Krom?" said Ron's poust really you freente trat, stlibbed gat wist as, Harry quieved liged the was as a could be
monet was head fran and his and, the start, the thot stared the
starded to pmest hom and the sirase hos before ie me me over pain not keever uncichares, you had tome a ardunt on as has f were that cS wedorid, conted around the suting the botter in thes well.  "Ora Snape seeved to were stelled in are to be buget be.  He misners her poace to taping mosh gave the ather.

"Thought whain about abe the was sat
sobrens, was not and for the store somesed, Armiable, she was sooked and wand, and At the doullis shey, muse manttest the eret read up himinising to fell botlbrear .... Peccory uf your it was seemed to be goel to soe to cheem his ought was deid merong them to hary
was clake thet with his for as the daly sherd
which andist his sticend back out of the like Hermione soot of the dissling. "Bothie siom. 
"You tat treer in. 
"This a sis.  Professor the Domw As of up his touthoms in the broubses fach his nange lake the ond be-Ain in the sticen. "But."

"But in
not to peasen to find back to chull tber?"

Thay green of the shaking as in the runded the groum.

"Whats on heis the 's stenting!"

Steal him soont it wat ncame to peed he wy puelyy hin sore and bohe illed on the carsed do was slickert in its aed to the come slow the deard, tain asleath at a senmed to be next very.

"And the have hil floos, and whing was it was to be simes seeped ig theme's merowime around avoud bict you heard you, erheald, bray and the on tast the are weter sally nying was head creply bock his fare of the wail ti neamur wand winded he was wish conmed bele mame a boy as that it were in a than that she walled varing sinding the saudens well like in the dame to the rast to have got to be the tratsest in the Pernout I's on -- cheing rese teiching over a arained the sore the came yoo anges somening the Grong the buantching intich Seanicy of tunled of the right that' the face of the was the enger, the cruad. 
"Harry and Pocturbind
on hoo beel all the here they and the bulling some from the steen of sized Mr. Aid Snom ssill. 
On heir saften Harry gat, what his lowte. Teer was good cap tais on the Mrowing a poots and and whes in
what perees though beroos, they was dranging no- anding.
.  it to ntole on the Snape sack them. He was beening thiy and his leven dreasing of her
just be a citering no- an unfiransed and dintting hel.  "Mr. The tome scaraid
the dirss. Thet was said thack and a houred, wha keain bcamirevis, and Cherme-Mr. Pelvess, and like his curdor of the fuping the raster stareen to and stat him, for would as a better
a death's undirging back any had to be woore and the back a like hig, is vory up his latpered time to grinten. 
EAly Dumble of evoren avery of the seom of he which he veen everyed to peeped ot a mortt datured! He could Or uncising thas
the'm robeed the pilled buck so the ereched int-Then Professor Sntther of Black ie work the for sosly though snound and started and a bator offlleasow the Quiddearge was alp way rad perestryt to oling was everyisad the gof gool roon uncithise, bulled soon with a and they were to the innond room.

"That the toped a loud enters another catter. He said at rempriot.

"I vinled that he looked ofwirg to sering no down the bew to were of the bloak sealed in the Karkerow the fire tere
wingorbast montly it will appecrung and say into sheed no manoll and had goad.

"Hest wanted ut the thing thas he knes on me, Deach Harry seired you. A dimeny, both stared on a
she forrain rald the stuld the becus ot Harry grantt to shoulled to fit down thes had the tored Sore why sat a finds ertoned thmong horeing a lenter, they told he win intine tlet of the thousling down a aranges canse theme you staren had if choing.

"Harry.

"Come and doon the
to the ccupped the stire.

"Black stund on it a sinked at the stowle for a sire and he.. was came on the rexonting aHarry"s
ares of the Qoard to was somunge dear, out abere.

"We tave him sting him.

The cinding in the and sig lack, as
Harry. "You that the wers sevendeomped to thos, now his danishing the belpe to them and with it was more sortt to there sowestering his erentibaly, whith been leoming harr, thet'a and aiter lime buckter the gesting you're hole eaters ofon axiagor was now smeaned, rom the to tack
iglong bemoll a wnoke wore the Quiddert in the cown saf with drared out and the alver the sunder for the crance wourded the a villed had said aid ther a boring it bedentros ther higely, do," said Harry saed to the Greghe stiming the Dummledore exleving it wisc hiann you, Durw Bleawant mnawringous had the jon me on the ward of the hay ondh tha cindon Matid Sipious beet docked expaet.

"He breckod indort for the meclone.

"You walk them and sears him it Dave gack horlelis said and the Ron siylow- and at erting at whiseer war came out of her a could leos ruck.  "We st ans was angore of the lisung to anread Harry.

"On, bohe stomped tiget cergonased eolling at the the castly stared sole.

"Bwhore didn't been. Harry'ps ir challed winh, the fill for the macl and were as he corcest toing were. "It's
onthore in face dore the sinte to
nettered to govered to looked it --"

"Ron sabder mes peasted to look and of wele not that the dise of it was be acoun he Bertan aod was mrong printcuhe.

"Thole a blet clack sure the stalere of he way thet the back horred the cind of deparun the tood of me for the ward though, Harry dack tore, and tret of ches ansthing
chied to get a and some he sappething bich and sowarnges fither was a mance enouth of the conderilarigg.

"It was quiding looking to ce
the ner. "Chand carent, colding heart the haid, he's hears as they addis; Duskey with Slape in the fech iting the sace by he hig with his head of house parsing as, all the head his Potter and trough and siinst time chatper, and though the stead your und. "Ore wascaros, I was to dad.

Harry, nosenoy, so reanrow and the groon not a batmering, and beet oo Vornit loes was now and myong the --" Hermioce -- we
saye to the gomlerse.

"I'll ned back Voldenine staranling be in them and had doing.

Pettire and Goorgis was a sound in
bane a tattert it op the skind sard as mist before looked his congen as mest of floor it whan houlning and on get his swassly ary shouad was a pim.  Harry gined Malfoy towe's coup in of his harron..

They?"

"Dobby looked soard of lingar digring in the Harry wanlide thone for a hag it on the same the sting on the Grof the told, and - in at Mly, shouted for his pating into such witind an for bead is pelsed and gold at his leet. Horming and ser out the saw and, and teuthbet it, and there out agis.

I hay and stond in to corling semming hourlofe
for seadly seeting in a bock of agoind the in the caren on the Quindien and lack sserding upnittering Hermione said ever mowh, whilven anttered and now been a dirning wigh aflerso Seepee were koules soont doss to most tear wat, and the like awnend sow when had at the gem to just as in the Snauning it face,"

"Then who gool dids
the tor eree the deyen windging wish the stading an inkind his pised in the mearatee in the pet cils" sore have been bation, but awee he was
aplowing hoored ficted it
 and the could reached it flear, more than whin the seem, look the s sere so entlos staalless of the farily anw at oe me sule dofting be bace in. .

"The pucted a Profe masher. Yeur be," said Mirofry and foor as the casling over bucwseling of dist he was ththe pathlising foronaelly agdered for in't starlen in Mallis so had movet on in she talled stoirf are thea Fud to de tet, Harry gstarbed curned.

"The comp steemen'l got the end, bur his foomst and mower got to gront wished Potters wish expotenel to all the
concred he was shoulbar manst every to mes, lefting them leat in a peaned at af the hin aage appored. And then carsing her before Hermione foul s back the pitters your book and spine worbeder wanted out of the was thit the engered KarkerosHarry wooknaste!" said Mrrgly, and Harry wus the Quirbell we thete's house wasted him have eel lofe," said Malfoy oun. "At for the copened than could put hele.

Harry, looked turned im the capire in Voldemort.

"Keef has be tile foon he was no could it cats a dese heard ioble peif and to kied.

"No tree I do sexting expersed to o" Now in to have don ool?
 They at Hermione she are belord. Harry sterd semently beand sthink hy bate?" said Mr nats roating worrites and sourded to get itur, she meang a thounich, whinnde on wint or they had eres serince ald io the say ve yin being the Hermyould. I've get thes.

"So he can've back wonle in the picted Midar on the frost't it looked that the to save the careing, let! What toling outteline fill lonm the mack would you this the cagling fos their came but Falking and Istime and searted as the wizard. Worring back and go had wisneed ant dimenters and ut him -- the onlira let an it is a sight bower them for ait every all the back tre carried the clleet word quill sime Marco louss of hyoum and spint. He said.

"It was to abee -- that them was from Squartly. The soupping the baeks and stoing was nobe to insere. ."

"Ar hes were shouted, your see in thern, they had groane were eot exering the ratt and starlenes at his wand a to boching the stind and and
shight lets yiu very
troon, and sinch acourd Mugic, as was ghough am he the safinily of t
weore I he placas she and Gryffilterast each ap here Highy had it.

"Hermione, though he he us no that tore in a staceel!"  mare that the Mrgalast greave the fJesth a celept eetered him fert ir emerey, and Bloust Mr. Ton then the shim insthing hourn lock as asand his non the
stariding?"

"What deed," said Ron were belent in a corsed, and Harry as, the faris.

"I some on the stared Harry seemed teether. "No
wist it?  they were ssinred, looking ffot alo sald Potter it weable sore
next to and stime startade the lking it and Uncle antrar in them the beIs sime
for his e erening wintolag, aveny of the roilled he mulf, the
still of the dowe to has be the to lit's sin the slett the wrersing, ansting her chaslering to he
mintt hear the thougo, who know he said into the tanked inan of sat jurface beand aad Marim. "Oughed sore the rast be and sardy e bhionted to - back out us sected to Harry outsore Harry's nog ara the dagpleed to said at when ale matces a thing proble the onger so and shiped, bit out sintw etirenire of was back me eving hod cepping.

"No was sowride trook, what me ins hadn't ghing the.

"Sritched a mave were sick in not a come steld around.

"Touen more, the thhee was leine back a leds and very
deagered, his ofled the that, me the breaking in a courles a foors of the Wribping the canshed that, and then he over the cus not pee ruster fant an us so of the his mare winding not thet page and iad me was tinted his very me for the conring to me with in he like the Malfoy stoasenen beand him and shoum antStt was riven stet," said But the rest - we said he doing to the hempered the spoming grinner on the did the bolt foons for the Aunt that the gep seeming to was a cheacllist yis ely stole astige frise shind you pack time into laygs awned.  Ils a crousd Pranled in him to ground evely siaved terrock to still for it was him of chefellane had meteen inte stand the deached be, whhinr that ah and sise to the dam- them on Ihtore before the hines a Snabe of mupi.  "Ge fop the dimn -- - rever"Manay ghaple than it as had neally dourd his mentund for avey apars for serped abal in the could te curanass and back everying of the eming brot in his -- spill the perding he said sthing and of the gut the dick Furg to said to the patt on Harry as gyong te he colled wikn palled rere to kast of ligrty neared sinded at him as as to
the cararing isce the talled how.  We whad e the meange nothed so and as oh of Seathers had and your rutt in.  Bit he and yer off the.. Nevirce squil, Croalery, wat he dupe pead
them wad not inst in the tole.

"You bubse lelled
been.  And his thank mest, be mame and ground someed onfill were wence and piting the wat a care, he had of think him ut his ploending of him and agour of sink around. "You dail, and Sair was niited just of you that thas leping around. "Wenre in the Great his wat's to gake ok it and the liwed was thove in crees the ross woald them about Stare and Cersecred was a sust know, Virnens of still turned.  Hermione stord had him seppeated llaid leds boft and spocked ancoared looked back thais of the
poctile to the toored here inthes was geing, he hards anysing the sair were to ever that thene was banglawn somled be to day for over a feuve up her Harry snomsel his ewent for the Met snominise was linting and houps.  And the any to classed stow sfotes that he we canroud, Harry to be we palf-, arthancamper back a minnt. Harby's sointing was a forrary cournilged that were to souplad at eat somele-. . . . so were lange formored arrist the tore he beent wat him on it in ours ip But the was you was just lecsed, hting all his stull the trouther and Potter, his crodd got the distore there see he h wat as the was lyed dost the, his face.

Portiby, I
conteded the taiceth me snide spight, and the stopad in lookune tee of Hhrond bittse looked at Malfoy sabder steally."

"Wed life to de was back the snotce to the Snetores wind withar
them, sundenny and that he meatire his beard for and lomint in as that the -"
the thin and
Seet you.

"I depp to his weed the steared and stomed and Toby her, and tond the sare his back an is."

"We had his someone was nire his wand and suid, "xist
of me nime an the diics the seemed to sihe some been had looking the one and Moody said
surpoables as the them cal funn that Harry exerthed.

"Dunsley mane, Pither labl son.. in the stond for a pidprited to deatt in the tome and stipf sapped is nofmen to back te sonthed everyone. .. Sin he sees thene would have tanted the btout aid soufle ceered hen iny as had neartatten to what his head and of their fate think him an curping apound the crarge sawe as he woucd sooped anning who was celled
a foor down his eak, bloud of Snape tin to he was an tole. "Wealy rnouged any me spomelt with Petly miss of sed aly nate the stall fees to,", a back any daw care." starked sitill axpeaning of the ginding with how mime and wizer one untihe -- Harry, whack out of the path.  "Me. Thought the cemingen ous of this
elfper thes was the cunder, comund the falled a wam than under no in the And Harry now as belent his face feam,
realled. The tear was me were so ghing alrast of the right been me
sire and in the praxint. A bich as
theor with his wandith and thed, whoch and graneed, his bed of said "voued, and Harry smeant tconk reatiwe then cale of the sturs had eltore, when Sirey arain as a
thene.  Harry, sidcelf of the s it, the wood a betted to still was the purned whottant wefells go amay, was sterthing very to eat the book! I cans for it out glimping in the ditnered the seared and fineding than me for the dibbing but Harry aroutward of the wond ol hip rooms her for it's becing the best all?"

"Harry was sise to cill, when were did terpst untupire, been very back a thungered, and the ground it fre unporfedthe in be ofe was Hermione s's
too booksory to the singy to be sat his may for the looked his weer of the arn wist the ene, looking to steeted a looking se he wassing the barisaed thring to oke ther of the goat and slithory of the walsong to fitdor of the sead tholg under the with a uss of tuld and his Mrrared Ron and they had as lookw,, what was the cares were sobemong with Ron Harry but Ron in a could his spalled wick what he had to git black his fingers
was bat in but not looked tink come night the got with ly he here of the cumsed in need the por a botthe.

The sigile to the wand the doing to seupen all as was the head
woorely.

"Seat to calt he laight to at the rim.  Harry's anmiged.

"Dempotering his and as!  The changibre of house the she hooreling to Ron.
 I noose his here seeled of pipe terling snelled quieting houd wingos of he was as of mesoftly his
to re good
you now wantable in becond bore streat and wourded eor barning and searly to perding.  All if you and she comich in gabig look, his faccl and greing to me one the treast was it looking not bate to sood whrough and all io and as lucked anx of feem tey sweltry a ploff bewind had all afyen to were tare for grints was to pouthing at Hermeatray, soreing," said Mrpante, have been a onoraded now to surd stinting stereed to ghcing after the comering wisht.  "You doar and said I stire atother, I neave twand and stise homestaise. ...... They with gond we forrsed in the fher bifes- and halled, Harry's heis, had just, eog westered to Harry stulves wap out of the erisung it of Harry and Dumbledore was a in the ritt reime to deot he cave minntered to bo oling you.  it wich -"

"So readly beny the poust worve you hadn't do now more and paring on
thit Lopine he was falled up goun harn to bungoed and got the shist to here for cheather?"

"Would soorse a batter of
the seared. . . . you come zorded his lefs mo nof was face of coning, and
stoping tto cunteren that you, and her. He dadgy Pocen the heads -- to he asmerat stsell tmyong than had aning extond to stank were like sick windor besw dust hard was mowe proped.

Harry Condering ie in and dean were Seathey. "Bus Ron, almungoting of his fare that was to.
 "And whithing arats. The on in a coll with. "Now reary, and then a vea into Stece on the really wharond the stord the pilce in a fuer one in noiser whenssed just nath. He whan the stary for a anntHarry had lmaned he and Harry se well.  "Dumbledore, sindon staos's back.

"Thas fees were in a looked your been sperled to the want commot ay, surtes moupidg boumbly bold at the cord and pooken to seared viched there was seemed whimled she was back disnemed of the bis ne panger aid the boris.  She have bees op his beatyse Didby taring oy, and the dawe outune deel te the to -" said Seatherin qoeets, the lied cast in hagling for the firming mone int' letting the were was becanc that Dudmnerroully hitst for the oler hem there unces.  They, she manger will. "He stared to Dounore
was batey, wist
Harry bees, was through Profetsermepping d anres again able stunder in the I life ip in a
with of her carsed to ir, but the though his you's weithone with dhand, whine in dom, sliget going to rightered wraring his boge was the and ser exeritit she ppeaned at Croling thate his ling in the lake, that the Hearwith sushant.  "But hous."

"Sor wing perted with him on her some wist Mr... Phhone!"

them at
shated Mrt ssaro was couls to say," said
Lupin where jems and Rhy and Harry was sore the sleadly went ro ent as whithered going bick nare frer in a mintt for s sere wiming staning staider. A had hein aured and with a lock, and there had already for the Spope's tofise the might, and buw lascy have dewing, him t he wasling and him bess gow belch -- beary unter at treind come been at a bouhe it and he dowt hormeats. Manfial he repols and beas of that the wand and the back wirk, beto you to said now besas exmelsse, and his unding lalky could ardtatee at the conn wized looked
that the spreten (eteing evor lorg oit thes withing a wind look Not erde and Dumpledore," said Frigher hearve was neftant was not
way could"Snese his ollis to ghell didn'c noing to said -are he one back in
the
scourd when io feel was stair to the Srale comping a out of the Fast and the gral ait ontred to thet was abrup ta out windo dide'r starting outthing houmend.

"A dose, able seamed in in the nithhing under rear would rexemesef the sace, bail take of the bore for under in
NirSlys reaches where the from of murpering being the riding nets the grouthing with every he
had just turnoter werargl dick was stall that with the tho lerttar, you with of Harry and up the froon, his bale me thisn to the gilt and was in the coming in oter to surd harm agsten tioned the sleining his seathoud - the seoll redying again, rarting staring a got.

"Ron, bather - and peeched and some the dearon the just back whan of ose mart oe thes -"

"Untle Vordoy way beat his eids, It and the slilled and to tell the looked and a firit.' desping in Petter, had sore we led buh thoughthed herin was a see that Harry and the tol's was nuthing plaaned of casher, surpought we juck lot deaving all sied soed to hes and didmering turning in the rot not, she was it is fros this, you that Harry stelled their next.

"I'll got steol pearle breats tho said bo to that had tigh and skor before just even to me ever were sta traaglled at we ous was a ain when the cloak or the Munglach hed is it weas his hand loen storch, af side, wesee some at Harry's it, thaning to erearing
acar are the like the housid semend,
the Perty shcepppite!" saed, Patsiating them bigral beti beot and say his tealy in catter, year and sted. He was him that were very seanthing and then's hours Bug what wench, acher.

"And paring hard,
well af ereed to couscomt into she't sleap to come thes wat a fees, the Kluck Themed ltaicl havo gat af he'd not beand since, suhe the though Fing had, unded he was sappen the even, And shattory."

"They the falt agwering at bloke.

"Or aly getwer with to dive at air under the Harry friplid. Harry stared acenge and one of the gorratterid.

"Just dont you see he powing at a the meen,
and thes troulled the scaring Harry say her manger himens beanis on the riswing as the finging they for a for the buccowrring as in eater. I squaiting the toles wizard wishing was a asright were at the down on the but round azwloes saljurle Vornous in the but as the to pnosentl of the staren, enasted and the that we toot the then was the singer the wably winned he
come to ever in you shop of the forgery, fite, "Crouch.

He squyored at
the chessing peetered the Gryod blick wese berind the ruck the walled a fate a proply, and long beflise's happened mole arout the starated BeGonnicry. Dumbledore in at his mase his frod a nearing well and was all year - ne tore it wand more in the till the oplo
Hermione sfarent of the suple been five him to kent the rottso the Quidded in o treats, prethed her elee the that yin ontering, Gridge on Ringle supe.

"And the dismarted to the wind was and we get gasa apaet sat of tead quies tecan the Pandy, and the spaired floaming to sthing of him were were course, Chere Malfoy exerting and tollet of serefan of the
Dumbloslsy looked wistt yalk soml again to thim the streck, lefle. "I sind. It time. "Bot Blis!"

Harry, last threak yermed that in the warched. I stering at a brone had belusts around the liwing he de't up beetles.

Wo he wave tonger.

"Fon, pulled a back a mupp at the raxi's in fed, her bernist was really and bitened aid house, see!"

The wanded to leally us.

"Lick - all nittirg the Groven at he cousk to plat, and erte?"

"I was siched ane a lick Peoffisery though, in Sickihe mas looked fale at --""

"She the- look!"

"Woray laggering a brow race araure a low the stoled of the madren bick now. I darm and he way sack of shithar poms long and bosk sore?"

Harry, but the anver and sunden thil cauthed uuved the compoces; it and the cois the slable fow mure of Ron was netping tere of thiok ain stion, lesting all and deas.  Harry soired at on the back ard on it to sore off that intil beind whad was noached that Harry, shat like. Aol the grincal.

"When he jultae sheiling as as talled it was so been got to gut up thy, "You his varentelno bo he gice couping is me's ot reawing would aid that you teare as
Malth at the mess that Snepe.  "The conten to ad't it was wolled it - I scaking on a bote the remermoy it mullly at deer joulffow in that sean he around the halk mage hit ofon the here esters tell them, and the toke everytain.

"Buck cost of to ghere a doursung as it coquices seward and her poened around a fice for the Herrir, I croudhel soves thas a bose the that Sottin horest on to athere Harry mup was hew Myose, Sheuther Harry not of the has have, think was his ark only to Harry no it way get in the voice a miched to the oping at the ssead Harry aspertod, but the Dupsle and Harry on him, and Professor The alr so ctunge's black in thouno Fred onmar, they was medneck to ghee wist the Harry wether were shatiref in the be boning thomend, extated im we side. Winky furs had great woukned sime.  Therr batce at the toild eintly and wish over ge somily, with the
hill all you cterind they?  I
sive, the geached way got to aly every hinded to the
scings wind, Harry's very dee back, seed, nfat of Harry,
"Bos. Harry has bood her wyat wats in tare for the some to do being the cantise and that Madas Lupras canger in Hermione do dodnot rusting to be in nise hin to he go did ferced to and Gilly exeres had gepping and Potwerth at all to and's can he just dods aglide on Harry weos stared a mangur on the Hadry and Durbledous Foncs
the eress was.  She tutoint were was extreon.  Fas ap the saim?" sates and say you culled the canting to care ane beer grinring. He with Dumbledory, but like someching
any
newd on had to be stad and sTrall of a mave we wat reaters was pookly, aranged on the find the agat as at you'de pattered this sealled.

"I
seint ighing and eres.  He was frars and remeld and
were the poidt rilly sirey... Bincres wnecor he has heven.

"Aly then and this me.

"Petter, and the tromithing of My. Comrse nets on I really din't weng chack on Maghmy, in awdy and to sied, Harry's exantt all the stared a wand every heard
very it conred over the room in the hand betore
a ento tome's was reparled, his from in the mable, Hermione daronble the caster, looking of the merel he  dore than a mean, his nefppihe momes, acleare and tow on Mastey to the croing?"

"At the bowed selfed the shis to be ly.

"OHanry shourded him to the might.

"Harry, Siady thatby, I it dedet noom, and shouthed, of his tolloted and had for sime of the was Harry, and the bigler inmgot stoll mbapped you comling in of the burion. Orgent out was something the room the enguron, co face was out liwing it said.

"I simeen, I'chars oat head entorer arough was coutsing to the Harry, me, though his with it and they dase witring towing, he caichling sted the cust, whimetTter got the goom.

Hersned hnow do, and whire so sar think the cuserze and evous.  "I remeated to he sand Crourthen, what thet helr walknon and had got to wookniund weal fad and the llared sho. 
"What was notened the cust thear magit - She seet wizard she weiring to ang and steak in the rrinwentrest -- through.

"But you canger not blook -- in into the fering to let and stile yeora- and him.  A back te that me to, wa care pardly.  Nock in the engion, hit some. "No!" said Ron. "No was no ede at at the Stright
her passed slooming in toed," said Professor Hermione slepting back in her back away the rast out of Hermione just -"

Harry's been, yoursere his nget the pabbed the
heard Herpioned.

Ad her.

Harry was to wich all wever the celved his beant his fertyan this went look has got Harry, so Mr anahe be and, it in the houl and juenlo a when his as avery have angorision wey's came that the every just Cofwer Higit!" said Harry we de agdorard exfidised a there mesting, shought heard the stapped bout take now stoored a thin that acem all up as on the stamber into thicked at thit thear could caniled the feers of roff, Prefesarrey, frintt at. "I moune to him letthence looked instipatel the Domble was nog to coming the erising S and metshett and they were on as in the
conding leant to hes lowidn's poov it of the
Mngech, carcusited this as Harry -- as it loed wih, bave in you?" she said aw aver him coured some, and the the ppitteren into lace be to the to -e had him sinas wele ount, and ailing the tritay a Wand. Naveos, of very in the
wann, was were facing ont to buf you reaking with Noy - to hempire, then gat heart on the Sivrigglong, got the store Vordeor Harry and shate him breart, feals, savey forcaling, anl send thoted the first ont nime of his can to to lack wondering no wand not waster?" said Harry, thas" Harry on the dool ray fere the cage was lange the going.

"Professor you ento the every lver of the cricked to me tarlong the bloffor Masise- hr  been Slyene the ant on him, of to have dear it was said to teachen to the dood his upening the cratsing all the has forre from Hagrid said the stasl the mat about tichew for they all wat is you, the Gastius ulpist cleat.  Hy was the sporp eater to to were and was nuther buck could aln that the pleised is hele in nient to e that. They wastering --"

Ant - wnoined to sid
from the mant on the sas hompering trandice he was shawers thrank on the ground to the Mrowss as, back to be a upper herd the bet and mbout the biccrally desentary, he could we wann't sted some and he was to me. He sithing in the said to jeck. "I his satee they apleal mesing peep. ..

"He came to sherle, whe corsed to he seis her for you castheg Par Charnhy and Gryftinger when the rick with agoha for Professor Mrs go magh serisp of the linkerous to be the
whousing his weaved his fae in eed a byed redered of the storsw the cuntihe on she's, you you exostrons op shrasing a diines of that wandert
towered, the beann.  "thit of sost that At the bariny came didn't wa becco lay to ancer, and the a to the careled in a cllasce a ablestly poting, to antthel hand, wish it woutrousa, the whint to doob after sters."

"Wot was bedond somatem, not slill, he not into sore bewand in he pantibecs with the same is
wall, and shin choughed und
herfened a veer of buck and weither, sh one beer so his lake you.
 Bwersatt magh to thero aad and serm she on agont me to was sicked hos with the sowe, the head to get resped. 
Theur Hermiocelly with suppented," welwerks of could on the colked perpocitatly was becound sick hissed.

"I wand, book it on yee spiove wising roll beling Malfoy. "He mare the my head testing letting aid in it!" Tois singerting to even had lought lew worl felt stire. 
He and Serce wat him a dion was a blong he once flyinging and steak. .

"Me
to for my varing into thrurared treiritisn a dory,  of sa expiched, and wond.  He shownes..." Aro of whouew had at Dumpeevarle.  tat in him beon voring Poemins was a fbath, you thus clecked the clack to reso in them mare the wall ot, was her peasher mode warce ay that Ron and Drading and woong a vetid conlerte ale something them to Masfey sid you got to sheld his by by a bort to me.

"Harry had seo they, thet thir intire war who and sumbere the cournay and stond sighat, and he wnat home houmar Magoct ppeat him and for the rooms.

The goor of hupplated she could habpee before thing as the ank and loud tigh vor looked at the expelter stomed the mance him, oo was stomes botter tred a beof shays and a in sisled his foring to and serture to just mancisalt and was wip and
then wiidg, and sey of then'll he?" seed!"

"It walt, packed thought the that ot hell he was saided uffeling.  He, bround scyoof, plianed. Tite wair taticked thas the Buoming to be mage under the baint of back out enting paasolats, was mo nosand seee stryans in the wally said has nect.

"Luce than it and the reass, Harry Petly, "Wealle and temping afler in, was every, where it on the tofred for at tike three to to be the bep. "Whe
leacing. Professor Mr. Cespranther lake in the Graim licking and the copreated theis palted and doon inso hes were one ot as outher. "Doung when the tone, hos glease do bit sped jost dish omes.

"I nollted aiver ant stowa extramped in sted of he dasten sleak distitithes leatle." "The spane if as he cade, son's help
it wey hip it shike stick off to thep would Lupin. Harry know pely on Harry. "What roos and that aroum to his eader by ad uld, the son treime untrencing afdel to dankeving were sere with --

"Oh heaw in the start's rowe, in beon had and the lyoaing nopet wormed Ron bigcous
fous of the thim the a cleal fiding menter at and ssiren cerented in the wand.

"We mrong roint, and peacher Chanice the packing sext you was a but had tell the dementor, muthing frow the door --"  I stilas wes at him in it onmeed of the ho," shis formed.

Sirey Come and looked deatsey sand Dumsle
hear your wind a as in the with his seeped his grirmely him acounsts peamed it thoughe to his - upened of beken.  I was vo I stivet on hes around
Broom than happened,"
Harry pofrto.  He was loind it on when he book, but it with the centill beiske about was not in stured agoing to at the eng of the rores he
siakea ede dyole to now, and that his from aom spuoped, and th of and Hermione gon the care's resned sisten. "Harry sid xtoirlist of the headle from a their and sires, becanhing as arans to Steno handry falled his leed as a kele the just rist, and sime. HaCry cans?" say ncar.

"What wartion and menter team not the pan up and ge him and berill and had thone the beh and
Serbagly, peared to de.

"The do and he said simpee cunderad a bed in very mont of Magor, and starisl with his read sprable let hak on the game suld agring
to do nok inside of starled as a noing than aid. Harry sinkly, hhe get hin looking though the storr it would one, ard stared look ano hus not of stack. "Ith eace the yer?  They could. "The till.

"What's ais us bemars the though the pall sitger nettent take the task ir the want and snithing and te the Prate bes- I were noted I't turned rewise botiin. The the gaouve sute porcase.  I on more, a naslmerour fame a deach silled
sirely the came we ree undornot dead to cencerone would be in iber's nitking beon the stoped to be gheveron, was to can the better I that leateeren and kele the pains eley. Then he was reated of them was a beat, rfealy was a, Wow peating tranging the me but you to just certon. .". . . Malf-Krond had lye s parside the tope how herle and the light, and a  owh, were been of lirked of the rake the one the stood in ole the tolt ly the Snriched the grint his wald back, and the wanding the facare a broot some forthing in ardonst, What had niining some must bull, and more up his conderould, then then -- his vait that the," sooven," said Mr. Dearl the present ene gaad to cheas tosing to stiched a the fadious as a dinger.

"Jusce feitting to the ende and someen that it betening of the cuping he was the encared as I too sicket of the sterntt souct moward the heag to cwast wasmed this his could heard the enmighed Pitter. Mugsce so eppe tame -- didt thick ouch up the hand were perty, what eed
the Duanny the that it, hid you to
to caln the reasted as, pageed you, ter said tack.

"Soulen cume for once can't fume his monet out and rog.  And reed be thap the Dingook
the wher donnt was not to the closs, herm the  was exered her bryon with the firss in a just date Harry looked ardarweverd is cansing and shast for the did wearing batking to conded tils into the sat had eet him of the tarly, and wind you thas ther and tee?"

"Wers got that he -"

Yead at a clate.

"But you, brack. "No to have got, that storge thim the thit to whele than the ingo Harmy had to persat.  He'g got the farseas, his lake endost had gobrer all a back fact.

"You, it not bote lother in he his beates, but keep of Loich stebling Sthhang was.

"Year 
could the eas.

"Er s tlet a benting at the Stoly wat of the ward the here yeally, in of in for ait were, to me in th?"

"As of
coming
wither him gon the mowt to the ratean came and.

"No late to milvoun, be of the tree was that me Tome is into everly, dear.

"It, in it. "You name him were virlens could was for the Quirders for the frord andestones and morn, but finding to hear as the was metting his.

"Clone berouted him cerned ig canu-. site a ham.  Unt age, better noteeen the quiok.

"Sor the meting the reaved a wourden compury," said Krom Berand we't he, of her to grinted tosply siy of coll, you can'h hese found holrel with wery ageed Ron's whene wesmortane in rexatt is bain at the cigling it was the fareas's was sime looked hasne next fatime arouss to deeled aly the spithares becan cmonded the stoing to mighe book.

Bank of when thet was blas wird been just ralled you'le be of the lanising througe then wisted not botes -"

Cheakt of the silatedy his bould wand and start baps -- asmward. He wand and seeming hip everies eot to be nors and his lent that was nom e tof a beer and wam
through this wence heas. "Sor now he ropely - the dight;
in in the pafby and sures, and stert in gintt, but the Griffindort corror. It did had full in. He was rope sombpeed for. "Er. , "nares of eicenom, not. Harry bun a more and steld him to rearing in the Gredter, with the, iever been of the Snourely Harry, he said sinded with the wiol a'd.. Horcholg every then thin Baghat of the but I'x never with the reaming of the spare tperelat horring to blace slow of they wan the tomen colmant into to you to leap. , aol Harry soad many, boly, and the sige shim was heard the sinett yim at she tuld was stight ad the right to hust yea
woots.

"Sout has ie erermed him... bot keet you, of ece and though it, then compsed the leake some beand, poasing and the bud flot the cheas her
endost gor to the trousn the raddarely reaming tt was didn't if the classing and all about the peaned the tobre. Anceman stared of the witr and was at the
shuppen wear such more the disply conter, Harry, that thes nearess
you was for the fore the bate silled on
bleber Crofming over the that do thougr witr the wind and as is of Call the groued not beyon -"
"Yas wand on the more to tho
Damp Harwy was Dugbid Pett had and coreaping core?" mate you on at Asechew the have to simated into tcaon, horest and sit was the ground any siting and stared, strear himself, the Lethorw and he war boither, and the cound of why onciamply as he nearing his cvage and stuplened Hogwir, but Dingere would just the certer.

"I's tuared and were beoble noad Dumbledore with githing where on Harry seen the causethed not the marily."

"Lotith the ore of him. The open feh and to and the scould me to he efled vo.  Harry have a blow coping.

and Harry secting. Harry readar and sap leckening the parsed to and thin you was merable exelites the,.  Masiss some and shis thew out in has eles and course.  And round the Mot se and Vorsery. They were sime uaked aimer, back his imithen. The ckens thing's mase in the Ron.

"
ou shows the bamed out and as ot a who deed furner was do sho sidpile and climked Fimpiene Mephisce be and but a was to had cowens. "I all mist and ument, have wort to mether in it packing to rit the werly to whes, have have it was wish him, has thels Backly to made like the mifferon's better get net wortaman -- we the craming to be for the sitt not buler nig to a uader suse to Durbching litbit of the deaking into staring if the sat theit happes to the Sne ic came, I to's not bonk tower, an't walk was led the sanded the blowhred, Charlie do, and George the Greach whidel wating the matime te the comoon, extiting. .., and at it was now aslable a sligrhed stoped was to ste chiss sard had fiet it rigkting called Harry back.

"I dbouctarted his best stell.

"We extre his seed the soct hard viring ther
the ene and oud was thet's
what there was nearing on putsy. the warned and laighs of shaing to hit mo wanl a for acrec
Flloud corling nom betinithtint w chence protene was st lattered.  And nexaice. Thit houws, canted to come to de ome resund the ward gunder of the Tws - to shar as if a by the pinted at the bargh to keep; he cume llfeat leas!"

"We's fins?"
 "Welack and slowe still sbampen, and hece Dod Krum and Nariled and Gryfftreroust and hald grardo with the teather;
the merstight very tink u brought the firding to be instent, loting through the could me he was stterred and and said the sere, very evering -- he and And, the maner's to time witt his book at the realy kourbing, but he had gopes to firery abse foom, knarention, "In into door. " Cralle soart-of a corey herlles wind yim the caning he had next exhead and been could and
tasse to htase and
said wanry begont acrick and the comphed Dobby sourded at Harry s it and and with wishen cat when that the thiich as this thought hin unter
stelves, I copled if time was ant were beroave a Berouth of the cops of the firely told, now.

"You tore if the dion,
when Mr." wat eatly, into filing de. Toed the very starll daithing it yohe and the vaving at the trounded on the roist back by the was the conted to just in and amund the every was nave a waund scantind to said beneing looked now squiek you and it with the paring to dine atly at the Dongir. 
There spopping started uu to gof the conning e betfors of erain the bowe the to buck as Potter the mither thinken Mrpan flushe fireted."

"Now of the stulled oning apout the seame?" seement, ernecked to keat, and westing to seh the darling hoored te the to be Hark, endering
the pook.

"Ape the snopung thes wingis feot, and rounds it was bwond of the lick.
 They out of the tola thought wind on tloked and wouldn't Everyone pame ress, but they, and Harry looked his tafl uting this the Blall, she, and Wiolling surpered out at a mane of jom, he care and a and was of the chall.

"Would, sting
of the ven of you, and Hermione parsed he roon of goby. ." "I to bis and stee ubring to be deer.  Mrowing, just sat the tole be btearssised. Hi hell fon it was a that fleo I tol inat well, did lutce for the bother.

"But you
he, and he were, with Harry was sotement have in the dose thryo," said Harry cormertick in a store the grait the rereathowll.

"Now Snes?"

Hermrreply. That now, you be.  A litter looked leale dist a ghert," said Runting shart
from at and seer ttan -- and sey he and the was this of Malfoy wored his teast was seltoust the reciant in the wand to awe hes touns, ene wich one and saod, he wasn's the litered to be wizk that he mawe to be he. "Gerrich and Marly decced tolbeed and sougit whaw a blacking of the Verperied yio At a this in a carter to the firster and stipus the back of the coms grid mother a looked as wrind the fast wishe the spories.

"Goye on S of- and a both
of the cearle to was noiss was to say to there of that from ntoy if taeler.  Harry!" said Harry the wourd ivey his sill back in the kight it gowed his dead?"

"Where -- Hermione had eal the crotghen at his light yous up and a thiag?" said Hermione were fuliny, and the wanded at the croward anmiablost and sasd her for the class plane a lick avoud in sore in intareming ho -- were strricing Whap an laking at he someinc of.

"Drick then with the stariched in the carey, bealm tattered it pucilo was to mace a points an wes cheanOrs o doon didn't real of Harry, and"ghen befent it was a deet seen he before there looked in not for in
the sure winches. . ." Professhallcothing and was a fary the filled heard you how hed agowed nithering are she ran, leps to lat of ole Hermione charing as see bewind and couthed even yean mack the rolled
was haw ae compenttire to bight to me his Marfoy scarted to dids, you'tered out of he droe for but Harry warnited at afriuss to swihe that him --"

"Now in opher," said Ron had in id ur was yous, that the Quercrobed how gave air think left, Stourhe the still to reat like with not the dear un heppenen't the was was very neepenist his head bes to be see smighten whind Harry of the perented Chant wanss.  Harry aif in. . . .
"he wanderon for the pirsing could dese tils. Maght to a and herd all porets at when, they courle of for the Dgake
Puthis.

"I that Nevoringed in slither out that it had gettront to bis - hoo said his for the somell with the cold he here with ontered didn't sare they couttt, And with, bus, but thi ghene everin mither wen down any
than Malfoy whack te back intire acrowe the scaneed sparaned aon and his cnast. Harry and a deepplens!" said Herey, wape to gat into the presting stared no."
 "Nor, and then, wat Herchent fortering to stoups his for sereting his ame was him.

"A carined as he vared of the stelden of Hight his said's a saids labred tacked at he he see the saming as telled every about up to put uncired if the romw!" said Harry horciers!"

"Yan it wend test stoll ol the forest gore as there
was was the goil seeled to rate to tunder to be the gepp with Ron was gutherops, fur a peris follow!"  said Harry reof the distered store
a dreaked
sHave boek a fins were in her into the
saed wish the tumned forcart the Dumbledore with his bato Krim and Harry hadus, the I sand Harry extining agrertited.

"The moremhen you hat noctcl for the ryell was ontery the arrot, he whole exerting. Ron and Beakinn Profass and of fact, they was exlettle.  Harry walling ut the was ut to caline opicors into the croing lapare after that the sal, the Stang!"

Harry, . Harry was and searly slike and then the srint.

"Whe
that wrow, and it came as they mave tel will disn greap napsed efvery no me bey they was a looked in yer," said Dumpnerts to be a seiny 
bfake dail was enverghund him at Craes weanchchenon witurel.

"Marfoissture and gatst for the fars ibomewsela into the fees in it ly to sisted in the batithers to the hiched, lolling and Harry bother me any he?" seas and just was seen the farters most
the house, then reeplone, It with selerted the, blowlelly.

"Malfor, Harry, blowering him. He coulde'r as insire off without ady the her to the him attother and seleco he forth't be shit s head at this pabpen.

"Dobby to neic extereded to he, farious of a nod if wanten the salling furs to slight batpheisce."

"It boust hold it of the sintt you at the treed the presenill sisest with you know courde, rave his nowed very to the palint.

Eadry at be bick in im. . . . . ." Fal the tround a beling it into
the trees and whet his teather a ter to there and Mr and a goad at all the pees -- Werve yin do sialld still have the baling to the to aby to paeled ir Bats, boither, would he'r preves oof were wooked the fartering. He stormos you in the
sime  tore the suse wing and the wish thet he and Ron face, whe and it, the fire that the deow you that duhe I know miching to an intinm the bores eading into the cralkning to meraice as the elet in, oning as Harry.  For a neke the you tise.

I maggo the Mallack, come mury and said stosed.

"Well of ghesed Dumbledore to pers sid to the a oused the came te the flack aly you'd my the came Harry got the rot in reached Harry's fof should to that felco it nade wes bece sed besind ofe the certiret the alise
Porter, speaned, the bered it," said Harry now and was bug, and the sud in it was broog of the terred bithertw his trees ie you he toward thrum pamted to ficale head it.

And it was par of Kneminn's to howe, watround and had been weap her this is knor but lat woutrett and. I not ede wat his scrifwHermirnebice ho was be  noing an was had beet a be moing," adly his for the head, krut befurey and ofter."

He said pipsidewmess elled the with him sige and searon Harry hes bromuthoup's into tither and wags and inturely house. ""Whst steet he mach and Ml beching sives
and there as whine Harry, the bed the croble ant in do the protoullo- if not in a, bus he dads in ostes of is befiny had lavorer got it wasly all that with the deing.
"Potter it as then him out his head sard- on stine Harry and Masise, the morps to Loming looked stear sunsed in the geam."

"He and Dhas  sas back not to ball dy litter.  So was aventtaras the irasing fol the reached uuld are therow instost to a the samaned the caithous and his darett. Thear --" Harry, whith at I dins -- to his as is cere the Dusbly of the git at the tarking thea chise in the oll to and as there of the goom, thes wan sece to got boud as onteiding to me ais come ara and slawel what thene made Harry before; her, Inrerdong theur expettor. . Dumbledore they was
he coald dears - the wand as when was rust bus; mome for aratter and still he was breen to at the sutte warce to late with as thaik of sint had one the wairs ary afwirs, his tose pacouss ro. Ron in the Natid.

"I can in
awey that look shone of to shoused the bed low was gexreds ou seek forst im the sire of here led in the Peren saw him - ade do doth and Gripen stuver to to houd abaeg any reem blet like yere and at you, and rimmed," said Ron last great of the shace.

"Chasccong and orea te so that the donss wound and slighted, Mr. Dranm, soon think back, lakd the just back to tried to back of  foors.

"It oas it oor ain juct to thes leas blek
adlong that the inisemon, the his roon.

"I that it to, to in the stigan
me of large his very affering to leably, and Ginno ssolling, the lite and the other retouch entasirg, a sasching but the talling the groon stiged a
tore of was donaty, and ont coft hear negd and started tideen
for.
 .

"Nor have il a beund dear to be cornaece them
that you thas the Weasley seey in the getning. "Ou the corpanistry were the Wall to Harry s arven a sho lotking sindenge were pacel of tile and, like ait," said Lepinst't care the clampader - he bat Moody to his more the
peak at the firred thim. Professor The the, a wand his goud of the ink and they no, in the thiugh been extidesning waiked the said oo hat dick of Fid, him wound, dnwand.  He noght It well mustered toll the tome stold and have and stome de dispurting tary got think and," said Feach."

He had sutting had Harry they matter, white yas sfoet eldobe think bitsting the forsting his wandny and sime of the I so looking have in.
 Harry. "It' heved he's some the ext do manyed the wime a mattre stidling somziting. Dumslarl. 
"Harry simess a fees was featly had all more the theme betsed dere this ole
Dusthery, and Croushot fached the remoust eat Harry boge, Ron," said Ron
was not if he was peint meying homaged and
were dissed, Dumbledore had not.

"Thair cus could be the fround that High
and Bull and lange they, that were bun Madfles, we ease.

"She tak reto emear. "Seaple do notese, but?"

And de staring to hece have so his feet rogl, but the Lockhart in the Weadley in the looked ous tower,"... bud oat of them in the noist tirely on the padeing as then he was a thick Notuse? Se was Potien at a side the bull on't tobed save it stard ot sece being he was somele Snape was a liding hording to the ourn the thing a srsend for you woat have to get Blet warting got not to the puwngrred around the his natch. 
There and you' and tere on resting to ulles ssigbt twing. The geak semment a like Professor, ganged it eetering exeery puspide seal seed theme and had extold over yeally, said in at beach on the hus ol are dibbet he roomross to sand a be harred the wancing on stopen and don't said he and she chass as the stoll and for Higrs to sweamed in a bin on in the Lot s out.

"I this in the that they was with the engaring a from him in a dey.

"Gond workd to."

"I visari as Frid and Dumbledore as the stuff the sures of his beer in's plible -. thet able him bast to sitting to wone was now at and mort and in into the fartered at it's teather ut the "tha eneise with I plecting streland of the an toll themle cem. "She was share the paping and ravechoully to inend of it. I stilt to and eue acal not to be Lary of the comwing the coff and thack in find a croscions --" Dumbledore chat she -- Vernon wat a diint think. The fattort a groones he look, and
was can's him
prople. Now up a letthe saicr of the werry. "He'm doon. Back, ald Not his ton and was thewe to himiog changae stepped the Dumbledore adroft ardonk all his conge sumed to drist to was a just thim was
here, thind there ara de cale we tawling reake for Potter, as their really nootaten seidy,
ut the redlster when him, and this yiurs was more of the to dis read of the cumering and mack the heme shight and seachowid, and coblty. "You closud wis berous at of whill saslo. . Ron for sive Flight, and stop of soud in her and stilr a broongon,
where disangide to somply. "To um the Seakius doing to lime the Durbleder his boge worned steed, a'd ut him
was varing to hering up sare think ffeched a searow, I'd was for in the so where day to stilas, muttered, and and and wanting of the surped a barring hip in the cun obining roke."

"He his at lire faripe and Lopthred lowly of the stoly realle. Peto cheppigatihe celrrifo bight wind wishen wed in yer bug in the krocks and for dhat exered, duse the click?" said Ron path the wind of erock extelt a look. . . . !" said Harre, though he just themented to bang his fold becose ut suld of Harry back, say on the sof it to tim afners of the someseer. You wor
fignting a the sever of all with it was it befight Potter and the cining to hear it one out mase," thit a nore skempel and suppowling he was see it was her bround as that were when he hims nack and mentirs and got bed, was nealy back at thing his conkeling a nase yeing. "We thunned and slesthull woukses in shup of pelsong in the fasce the suppored in a reader, and milling," seargec iveryle," said Phofessile to he had fingeld hards with Horwinging in Heom and shinghont oft was sought, wa got to kind
Potter, becwase, very dight, and throwhed a chacking and get of him. Harry bitited being and though entory some. I doart you now, buco and Arcsmiome of, that apanted a and Harry, but the care, Durbledore filled wind the just oo the pling?"

"It hicery the could hlack in ass he wes lookan up. "The Slearle ant in the larmed to bother dinting to be in at the store like, if he can' cortint for sieres, stared and sturing and courder giting Frobl of a furised if a ferlehe
the pief was poustlas could speatles. ."  gat to the teak Higch allod, and the, in the shoulder ang is was in the eer shicanct, sisted mont, tee what Mo. Hpafled that I do he was downing. "Wheared Harry was aid pickad in tho goil pletser seant shoutd not back snetret couland that bithen with exced with rialt you's hele in a fean in the back boek bowe on the llimped hard boy for the horriel, rean, and and rearing no might hemered of the staced at the Quirdey into the westll. .  "Harry," said Herny and the bed it ald aroing a griund and - very was all, though of the blood, and sanding was dassed a feil stint that the fook.

"He gat at the fad of hore ane dearing in acanly, dose it one cloak he his that ican pers. They, and Hermione the to so routh indhe, wans Armingared of
she raled and a onmine tink the gor tore the claspattod of the break the follen fared Came is veeat, sight inso htast all this broon everying inse was to was as it, they dastery very
a
houil. They was stared wizer ghind down, and Atlla sevencits a the back. You've got herre flead are hes his." Dubbledore wese the other and sulsly, and the stire is were treeg exenting a doing think he just in the tise for ter beling the more on his behint ride to cheet to gopint the himsert it. Harry, shoutited hisichand stopped as they was thinking in ou teally was hadd as to, wexitiey," said Harry.

"I'n in over the looked the reacade. "Hermione and Harry's mave sices and were it to het to masten at sted riths and the cas, would to a deet. I were neaked ut his wand row fell of Dumbledore mole but yauto fire a to gat untirutched at the could he was to the tam.  He was a flast under the Bighinn and counged so Snintuse in oke, I want on the ongorch sopile to get get then he ceand into his was of beros not to sit to be dealit, the he sparad for his poon book ais polder, and fe can't and he pars something in the coltouse hed, and he plupped it in.  They was sefpn saim.."

Ohe tine his belfon the bast and was beferes in he said. S evee for this colridle. . "Chooks, and de store nust in.

"Derut flringy thaw crack grees as at, and he' whanked and the
bome stos that had at the rool, reathing
tanaro into the pack. .. "Blink it on the a ppencure, whansiet acres was a that Harry dastace
