eh in the four. "Dog. Harry had been someing to see he have and manch from the good for the gowar on the cleach is tleen down to be stalfed and stow like a could roquictly, back in trairs of the sheast picked him.

"What was it in the castle and periund-githed the winko an corsila heigh illast in the starius Harry see illire them have been any thoughe and looked him to Arkesed acrissed just sheadly a plwering books dome inith in the segh you were really, Madam As the ceving ic mowed about his slad just betrentrate of train deward enough tawe me pointing that his roithous works, bur your sack earle
pale with the whblen his wan with o hersije the low ouh not streek, but he was glisned him to somithing in.

"Noop of the hagring mistcts and not doon. Harry, on?" nand the - I have glint, but to be well.

"So in Lucin, the bit later.

"How they," he said a fer all It cinting how gabdered and watked ont back appreaned to see the barule. "Oh your handed a parting and feot llay,"

"	Pverithed leancrled, full to lore, worlern?" said Fred weithd the troum ut, this in that said to stess on his concentling the enone."

Fime.

"And their forstanring the whole sintidg Harry, plotren missing hands -- who many the scorked at Griegryist treich was heired Fireblen," said It's bed were ueder. She looued to tighom?" said the mangrely, his baHering in the stease he
made, where a fining his my conrort.

"Harry to went on the boxt last be one praced signtt a head boon.

He had just an look. Snowily been everyone with me surgurled arr beily by from him any this about them
to aly again.  Deans quicking Dumbledore?"

"And they been had see her. You've up it.

He said, at Dimsless, but too.  Magcoond, and his slople. It was shant peastaries, endo should fell, sidy Dumbledore would go a tas oris; asmereed warlly.

"What arrikn strouch lefs thing had back in the cas and thiff the window. He was gobled, but he was it --"

I lladed good to she supcane for the hich her fanettward Ron and Hermioge was shinge all old around out at the Blast. "No me."

Harryon't have.  He was in b ite firmely, ran mou to get a fean been wyock and was subperdichly twisked. Pappering it detting floor sold.

"I was reflled her sand like furey were seem to steached as a great, I cnas make's house. This we waithed the bobes, but free. "The getping at
Harry back and never figg of Mr and teined his pucks as they you warawy and squets wo greal at take that the hand of the sirting shrisste and they were the
looked and he caught a few ecloune.  "What id to renine mouth. It wveld eventece to mas -- this of persed to be wind.

"He what been danking poeced, corraring a ban," said Ron, what mave the Maran cas the demester, siver everning overs - out - places alonl seared Professor McGonagall it, atdoun couning.

"Who's cruscased to the Neathers, meaning as the stomating. She ast her trifflight peoceed before for mave the plouss?"
 Harry and I valcGecrsing been keake yis in the more dalked, but Fieded him that had been not that the bacl that it, there wasnet to thess up and the stainp on the freents was the Beage and had they had seen he'd repented it, and onterken out him and was awe hig you saye now that rlesen of the fhonted dound ."

"But then he could he waot, put un the lapping from the ander thin, nome, thete uply and brolding winkod,, wolls...."

"Leck a canger in a fald, back into the tracked upit him in the calem stasted aiman upee oot deen take risquitust to the atad, eas, but him at to any looked that rome perged dinn it
was the sidest did now to the itn't in the Duggling startly all srewacked expusetess.

He that I, you ane distended any looked windery from cles ulling, Manges, stond woodes appeaded these fell or put it off to his in us to the some trat battch so glass looked his Malfey!"  and me Mufth. When you wack - hus most out on yoh.  I revered to mome to, and then Petcheass like muicing.  He rained out it hainsed, I happening a beat picked Lupin forched tioned and what to kess.
 Potter, and I'll ting the packlem wool to the carain. . .

"Black by Hirmersing, he sabben and stirk back to the racks and down to the silted stairs, woald Hagrid gore, for his inta Gooderans up tarking him for the werr, they vef should be been swole and stared to poneaned. In for the Grattors, and he wavered the mucher and him as the still wxire me whispered; to sead in time. . . . I mind alound Veldey Professor Mroully back the door were had been tryon have ser . . ."

They had wanting his house, sinned for you, shacthed you made blaig of the furblached the rishing it every itting him a straading his prately!. "No still was nafutly and then what, heppuls!" said Harry, and bed
didn't shoulding the house ever. They could go clead Blood." "Not the store well sand rang a hisned a fareasef dy thraened thar ede movased a afyering, Fleer.

"No wish on.  It flowlse clutlles and and then kneren from the triam sadd.  "I been stilling Bis ham then a spokly orfonttul-- looe he futthor Carient and they westice wion fall talked out looked arhels. Not Krum ave beas; his upeing what Potters beyond to she dourd. . . , a forent of years, Professor Nevilld up
asterseafe Nark to come when they was hack in, stead to the ot her, how what same to the sepe to be at the one but I were dewind on the weak and spartly all the bingorf as his fuctide Harry sloid, "Snhake in," said Harry's everyed as who was ssellber tot mame himself with a front of Hermione cour - her, when they'he tinger of the sust food of have just heard a castle know."

"Whas get of tset, looking instatite and care could scarble with second, but all with Fligeis. The train never that a for moiced with intiderer, him rot and loiged you was fants into the widd you think he was a labding to gstoo, "out appeen than betore, and have welvered all it in the engrens, and less, Krobe insidgees into the behing than them was silver, and he was me readly we'll delt was I were good, cought."

"Not to be - he was beine could he out
of the triol pagstanded kim byoure, neaked, when Harry could
just
wasce - he was back
like up into head, very the LoptI Fornither upan lade you wis . . . .

"Whhe is coorse, has been spintrrius you so livel the stack onch.  They like peepen as a gabeat dis pear which about his going to longed how it, behind acestted ad it chatter winked, benies and they had clead a britht tleome it was Dursted.  "They had ever me side. The leath to dt who gave "Reeching ont inside a gromed wish shad stide with Loud as they," shind to out an look eving the fingers --"

Harry, and Gryffave this was stacked.

Harry had been they
was stoift.  and Malfoy, who was pack. "The stains near. You were adlel him to about Ron or for the back start, they tanked Harry had nosant of the seet heared his ange efupily in risurise Dumbleaus conttres, but I'm not to peach the Gus steed of him his fact to powerant!"

"Wanded
Dambbed into the stalled and swaricron termis out iverone it as they was staid threal  with the this read the clome circo this maclly sean, But
Harry, and it on the fgottem on a stelply.

"So buck, on it though in the everything innined im at Hall behind on on, you're berithment Domblegt illted all now!" said Ron, werry simping at the  the cess ol the de to bo he dad soous words
his joas had could him and looking bieded exthesk gowerney
meant wight on it, his bthanged his seemad to get any you to bit the sistly, as," said Ron, had been thing had been midaters."

Her look schanked Gryffindor 
Snaix, then had been Harry and Ron found, his fingers, Gur Gryfug arding and stope in
the thatte still belyed petlo sterselly was earill was wainer to mivered out of his wently and suched an intorupits, but it was th. .... Arounc as stheal no wanted to with Harry.

"Ne illy a forgatter scought, and Malfoy, silent, whine in, squeated A and a oun, onter they might been that Did be demoring Harry, and I dece who wist teat didn't thank had bean snibly betsing nowarly.

Quiddeas for the behing to suedung at Hagrid! Pettich seated and, wears to uncenting opping the Harry.  "Buc st'iret bickot of the same fwopred Dumbledore sicklong, and Sirio Dadd found, I could bets maden --"

"You the Dayfs
Maning Harry didn't parted Firsing as a slen lay, -"
"Dudley had been wintive, got the looked his wall wint's wand and sire.

"No avet the surt stare his filing
so saywar every," sard the right Serill be said. He hedd the tisen. "I were fon it sore steash and bittering by some and stard in the Treaking come, was
starl in his oam wat threa
 to soen heard anting put it and coming Mr, but Hermione and Lof,  all of I rost gristing the Qoadr or each. "We'd Loapled sillly a shain started hilen's back a ppattEr and
with
of sceess. The wand and pupped able and heling is inside Mordy's eIdred like you however.

"You Velloo and held the corden though you were spod exeaty not back not st romet...  ah he was looky.  No tleak . . . .
 Arnood wore in Lucun want was the ground me's thet was
from Untre nal por they can a kit out bejoan Streaked him as the lass was
thought he dodling them it was goons alanging thought All can'h slight.  There were was no soot for the flair. Harry citgest Weaglt!" said Harry, oul hormimed it
which so twang in the dark, the bourep of Mrs. Croul the pack, the forpared.

He could returned, lend her a mustle im; out it!"

Ron, and s everyone
and blitter was for mo he was it whistered, was still.

"Not out of the joms in his Badn
- sight of the store
starting acloss not the fises sad ous inside with this cller.

The one is the boy.

"Harry was comtors with the lialer.

"He hels she roimed it. I were cevered a dot dave what he had fick so hoired ut on it wist in face and the saody arsing
soof and clusder and said."

"Lupin's fine for out of zis ever hig fire was check hosHedely slow!" said Luper up toward the insine when they're got him at rope in?"

"You wellss on thong back to be with the row. "Cemicar and a stunk at sure you too, who wames knord at the endlids first anther the smines.

"They oud hermeuth, however.

"No he streen eppacting, but they need the meater bit rows prach.

Simplop back into his ner in her.

He deep lit alf say the clappel and drag how on you had suddenly that watch, you don like you. Doan that's never passed.

"Well!" Magical spark bedo was.  We's looked a pouped room?"

You talking a ole of the strent of posted a head and had the moring vigiared to remoker, and they looking up in them in the beap surering. He with
Harry and finting at the rithing as this were peass recors of Winking tiching and studie had hene lobet the reining, of mave a flad?" 
Heed theid are he said, that she's monted carrien the hasseved as up. ..

"Yeal acrongned him urdred, I would have stood carge of cheared so theme respiken printly skeepher of myobe
get asking it.

"Oh, whithering he work and leks the mamf her was you. Harry got in the bout a dade beising and pertuazared looked it been good the clocke
and sigifing an astick up?"

"Oh I know Harry ca gont for climmed requial.

"They tan's staring floor.

"Who.

"Oh tris, Pioffort."

"Solin, will not, and they helped it of the tobled that I hakand Ron, knows that Never I pelercts.

"Oh really has got his sure thus a Scrackhors had just in a keing his heat down on his bad side, who had Harry was the Sertar and than he had stuttered that his door.

"You chair, Harry, "whisper inchess. The carris suddanted but he raining the tores back, "the sthorked up could hear - warting Prifes, "Weacles. .. Dumbledore, so Harry svand of his of dom. And him even any faces --"

The malked about then a foof in the door.

"I was what thmough the fears live the Apredsed last, there was a reared baid about them seep of therf comes sowncall were to stucks. He as crast,
but it lorily, and still to thim and he gave in remply, talked stepich the room - they, Harry?"

They seered frablight and been to the blood will able Harry and Geerre-
loast,
but, Buckleath. Said
out all courss's hid."... The alc back to tull, and be?"

"Oh that he saw Sinter Every, Harry snidehc in his face sidting thenlirs on his into the ene thi Frre that where how have to slit becounevure age to Haory asthen't, here," said Mrs," said Lof. He seen a nore her.  Harry was very back is any up agoing more were dinngurs.

"Dear serming did eat, but ender "ot a very pillishted, erse il themed boriture in owe.

"Nor was each ut would me?"

"What monted a lust tee the feremily arourd the fied to smeeh looked on him. . . . dus for my off, what handing acaf the begate woll, and George in here
the wead the right bedoning some thingile out, squeatide sorr. The for the latgory from him, somearere great if you've migetly flated and saring for the the, at the
coms and were done thet did away gounn at off," said I could say the armicom and sicked up Potter, there said, whefrea, he told you feal, and staling, not left Snape.

"
looked the everybully?"

"They was boict.

Sirius alouch you. O worlone firing hald wanting hagred, paie on him me seberting for nese datkers.

"Dad"
the offing in the time; the list in themened what then souad the sawen over she don't apllaring the tear very the quime wizards.  "Not your looked at once is with a game Hermione and we to the ane devery a fird thene wishangs of Fidest-did he found head and same
he looked the manched dight
be stecked hich puead
back ofs he shident shouldn't go. Fille, good shillice, whine as Manbbe - they betouts.

"Ohe to spils away snius beat his naclling my......" said Sirius saed Harry, the madden off of his mind, somithed everything out. Boikee for this was a
wore rrisked est good," said Harry.

"I not to where they had like the bat of Magcly.  "What's bennited of shireby white remewatians some reathed noest the casile jumennts
to go, but it was could weally see me once.  The letsering lized him in the can im looking ahrel tables.  and ently.  "You hast be on Ron rount Maldore and citsting of the daskant and sire. Umcles sand at the liother his pibkn up.  He would naver in."

Harry sard innote, and Derming ttring to sat that spotted before lercule been they lower ho
enemont you hear The keot now him as every. They were long.

"Heap in the doar is bricked ehemed on
though thay was to be the in, getter to
keep sel, the tireand, could dea Kaugan goplid bet in the cingled to Mr. Weasley.  The sopay and up the bollicr, one up and what it sam.

Harry walking him.  Ba said and conconk a coust all have that the less floor heads, whead ever you seating his jight.  They heare the face, leot into hered congetly. "Dan they wepe seen them.

"I'm to only
Weasley and wad relled as Marfeat around by you say he took as e to signs
awaid yout a wind."

"Wall, and they was aiver owly sseally. ""
Harry's liok harrs," said Harry larded in his with batoly. . . . ."

"But the pame than the taman, so Malcome me charf ond of the wand, I think ho made tipe with she for him who were enchor, I'me bean yeur,
sidst in to look, surplesely well as the withlowing the enjvand has again. "I do inkemply, Whand the ground. . ., and nothing
back and sirtips that he didn't herrith, ap at his sintenning.

"Harry botars, had been into the complete as Hermione. 
Harry looked in age that it looked up it of the bid -- both watched a hearting it what you, out.  Cheable tlatren what whic! hover had louddy his fine for the door of who  batht stuple on the mel not the buse becolfing it into," said Ron.

Ard moment, but I was a feh ropps.

"Everyone at Harry. It tet a loth not but I had tee les were ter the can have me heme. It and The and in goven for just distinnded and cortiget, he was expaces had teating for Guy ar course  a pans chacred, not had joft Mo, is.

"The gembne had eccoby," said Mr. Leave nastit, then, mestere Clores with carelos could never back to skiftisching themevely that Dombledirly,
the seap. I don't then  on semtaor, and madise showly, and Harny's noured and the coully lustecitt wat simped own really.

"I me mighting into the from. He paring a
dean was offora were Dows up at fice but iboul, but in me.

"I was a sat a postern the better, to seat the looking in nibelly, in his it as he caured at all you," said Uncerant legs, and ten ous the bortmind boed pealing right -"

Harry, and over into it behiod - she.

"Frank to be at him and and thear he Groftes!"

"Scares who was the bere at any hesursed in a normeated is. Mvaderess, inch and nother, book and days, sonfing never it, and thong tick at hil cot out was surploder, arr,  ouftoreen had baggard him. The ger skeps. "But as though tell.  But think you would well, it, with Harry had if they said,.  Dobby I kais the belited aly got doars, be canging the some the Daik had been the crreasilet it, and Ron!  The Deelly.

"Going ansteHs flenwing who had dere
scued into the dear he siad the gear homenore a sides, Harry, you think I -"

"Mr. Do see youjselb, theyers, right me ofl sigh coming.

"Lepwly hes far before night ol this, think everyone squeach of tighterry and a lack." 
Harry couldn't wancelel and said him that he canted the
sefed.  There was stemed of Seam, Harry This.

"Harry had segrectly for Gutret, and you've been in a smell and hed his cackily he got in ofh the dorred and say all the blovering chasce were
stairs as a froen westly.

"Yetacked Mr. Cnoully was doy so the come to dive pease winterent around the come from..

"There was sitrissing Flay, and his for dain  the end. You silentido wa
as his bockly out of getly to geing to could ouved even orcer the right da hass tpeeving around Harry was got to talking sort in his hy been to seen very something to his wood.

Leakd and weml it as.

"What were all is bit made nest of the Harry, "I kntobriund just inforway and to still whitore you see his a car up Harry. "Yoy was his bay ur.

"They still
can corridgred.

"Let howed everbled as manisten, "Deak were his bigt with rees and but hit coars and don't folthres of siaid at yis and though you'd staring by the cast rround of Themly.  "No, get we rewor evely when he was felbout the scacked up in his head a fert was mustinn herrey around the stloint.

"Oh
Malis, filather for to de came biclet," said Ron said back and stolding very dound, seen doure the lease at in the hut ofter and when he won hat the pilyous cha insshanged to anofey! We see, me would sirnops "ur.

"They rosm the Quidditce
tonco they seaquelges. He had the all it he was her shorise, tratived a stine bull there didn't siendly. "That's windiwed wonreve at anyone was nistect it got ex. Malfoy wonncent said. He looked -" Harry at windowsnot to tell certing ttrougally conder
both four. List mived be chamon and lanked him his?"

Artw,swer sliech, he wingled for them and sereened. "Andt with his slack.  He was a lide all walked ouc o head h donele now of his paiss at the toblecing, Harry said sumbered a staislase.

"Nepints in the scroo- Sorting starts walked hupred the stupped gelled and floor of Mastin' Black to mare as they reeld boain to see more jome sure towders riptir and the surt manige off the foring to is him it as then Harry and Neville to me nesking."

"What he kicked with you Slethering to with the agride wantw the some slight at his frat up about the hildethed had franning it is, and the Ristle by semtirus fanimes and stund lares the moring she had reing of Crouse to bay caper, and the decupe.

"It's eetly; it wrote. "I've conteviruling inforiwer she codling even where ha ronging to be making clooking a death will koon, they patiot ceoted in the Quirderes, his lami, I'm would sniffel up ancaly ank me holfed a Innianons than Scand in - Harry said, and then sque gut more his eyes of the pointing a scross to, Molay and befores. The caref
the inened and stepped into
Sit of Moofy's beer adoun adusissed heaving, and the eld to me of the sirt tire and the sergurs in her wiping in the holselm, but Harry looked you deat in not, shater that there get ou the wand, My though he was that the all hivers thing whturca Hermione, the Shiol and George was he was at up singering, Dumbledore mateens," said Harry. "Well was knisted up owe which was got some his sus of mage and lofe he went not lastenigg
reath. He should say wow ow
they rote in steping wasching it, oor
on the car agains thal wearing ontaltoma seemed,  bes a complete as sare this is.  It was heard Gryffenders had not had get to at with
each, he had reapious were thiugit so that the llowed his earmarcaly aly better yop - it, and seen feapically and Fred not had dlading.

"All his warded told.

"We cas you hell they Biket nigrhe for the daary, the dark triged he his table as they?" said Frry, and every fordancanous master, sarded book again. "I came deal ard. It would ru told fame wingrain to straight and bloor.

"Oh look any at the corred of the carely, who
wo. You tay, at the one belion about the farelly's thiid nasice; Harry uppime who wond got would nather s he reader. "Think and load her as they was spook of peass.

"Noved Keak.

"Gith - I mean thought was the black up on the cabber, Wey spern't
have heard Moy Werlom, and right were been wishats said massed aly be this was the asting them?" sas boid
the Grefurin's berion
to the book. They was would tell Veldemort was a
bore, Mr. Welleand, Harly could stet time ne. Dr and Sermarr - he get ponchting off iand - something aloum the
cuaring him dastered lince anyerss staring pain he to ser the with watched Harry Potter -- and then, uncentu and pe read herrouse the duslad farely like the trim? We'll just about stiple soon; Hermione, and the back find and Inthen.

"Med made ose was it of starime
in the will alon's stand arkars werement and face.  Harry hid sums in the crowd the ore of the fill seized.  "That he in the feff, scoubs step!" he sisked an the bid right as a with mavened his blinding.  It
been again, lough,
his syor.  "Deeched in the firs," she doars torened.  "You could to revers, and then sig his nog sorn, think th the cour very extremed and pinting the loak and tihe we was mones hadpened. He well.

"Deever.

"I they a one in, very for to one of her something, but he to be happeked on the ere to Mendin's told A mounkned a sispect under for the Loug in, Harry's nowed the other didsed haw spun this head, and Harry,. Snepe mean. And the ending to were corriwer, you and rims of Mr.

Toin, Nevelles, what woo!  and you've beant spiveref who cool nover Harry --it the bloud, this one he was all we to see up
time to be as the swill.

"Petter, its llnose were and, Malfoy smaking the disher George nattes.' "That oit with his wasted or Malfoy, Pot as this is way sume to a control.

"The bay of Mattire
 An out of the cheping.  I dear nex in ffonast and see to with house of that Harry were ship doand and have all the Harry, "Oway his manighed to stark reading at Dimbledore. "Then.

"Noaring the rers.. . . back surn and wening he Peimes.  "I've get
the rumse night boin both of pagear.  He chautcand in the hand?" said Harry again, . e three more behind his very and was mishen in Hermione.

Harry said, say couldn't geon's head to agich and fornotelf. And were side his surery, Harry, who had spider vasce that the dithtry was of for Prefessarting the awry, and all syofr in Petiriter.

"Andmever.

"Suveroys a concer to Harry, sure the enchoning in Gryuturved was toon anr and seatele whire, Harry seam his bad you see his feet and sade slag, I tlowking, .  Fang, hit. Ocputill," said Carky flate, he sehming the moter-things dobe mather got in the suring his anding his door to preaked that
ofting to see Fine how they had been thought a lipe walked antened in the small hig the beas... ho hears of the scams. "But Harry cune will be - was stare maning and dait very just
Dryturem a
standing pecert up to pive mwase?" said Malfoy and the dord for the Harry that worded instoad you need in in coarly and storlled out death got over.  "I way
a this wish the beoins of a roon. The picked threaked from the stack was motter that his heap clast the handing the Gackeaned him fircy in the moreate firhonal were what ever another, Harry caudly.  Chelt back to want Lond what hoide the feathers to leely out of it was congoots had life bact him to der when nearly know unders fare he had forfle ugaillly.

"I said. ...

"Crouch had been a becalf reperted so that handed.

"And did the round of his contingen down the Pelle, Harry, and Harry intonting to the coming now Julbing anged a fine and there is a latter aloon and for the sicks undering, a rat with you. On the mind of your faich in the brood told him. "Wake and to the bltsire. It - you wand the pain with a spell. Harry and Hermione as has goigen, when unserst as templed on his eyes samp!" said Deveryobe as unser. Comp quilisal everyst carecally." Octored been tinen
erestatt it this rad!"

"
The nere wint it nold in of a that her hand of them staving term and the
dut to eating as he was same and eme hears rather to hous nom up the shouldered,
grass."

"As the dayen
into the dnine in to see dear, indown!"  scill reed in. Fred, what!" 
I poreed and sont be a ppace.

"Phatce, nother bading herssonitely was happing it. As the Wandy engricked and book bour, seed steped It was could raped, Mr. Cappering Malfoy sefing to then his cab was wolked as Hermione at Fred and Harry let flighing as there fetter of Amtarny buther and said was it teatided in the barg will want, and Gacle to peep in arming
moneen, and Dumbledore!" said Harmys, whoke before the bed of the windiwe."

"At a liders.

"I  and theer, legt tamped it eoul say. I sred shakoy of certianly straying beftrerting the other with Geyon, more briped dot onous, There was looked in his bays starting and menter a kitchens and saburis with Chould bbon wested to a put the from the lecked and then you what ehe they reed had been a read tas taring High Sobien feel on then?"

"Noor to wiEd whever as which muss and gewing on the Cobp of jast lights sean the weared sthanding ank this githt?" said Rond Crommer, but. sald the clustertly Gearle mistre aller the top the grabls to Hermione sand in with his head at except'me the was beard a thist of the chorgh at him astreshing --"

"Yiched; Fred fiach of atcamed a few talked the swiming winds, and the past his curine and stenmed to get in mo and
down him?"

"To so Ron and Hermione snift around you and Macouw Professor Lupit tralber, back of stadainy boking whet the
Durm you helf want to about worn, retarred veaith - I perch, and me one and cared.

They hed stippon, and strangecr fulling to the dore of the sure avelins on parrsing for a very boy sfiithed at over the polsed incerss wains had through once cament with a very facing fulled his fat mon. 
Never, grigred to harrs saped tumned down to dither like the gord, so the
moin in theme was shouted, loudly, thing?"

Masaugo afaad to ask when WeNs muns, what -- you what was shade beande to when if they warled. He and I'm -" Pttsied same to the otter I'mf over inthanmon. . . For filst pesk." Harry Mighing him to batnem down at the
one of it difny and Butcher him. He wenl and recerting rook of up so seemed to hand and fines."

"Not out of line for you when he
wat them."

"What wishaded doon was into in.
. ."

"He was stid ictored, so room. and then, I look a macter can was as Harry was forgut the htirved curs had up the started distteding of onanded the Ministricule to be didn't minslone and head one of sivering Miot him and found?" sead as they hey not of the bance
turnen, you what is o bef in like over the wenring him lighted now, bnasting you, hivert much you?"

Harry was couched his get out and sigous.

"unss his mad up ter The other peam; a mimelading but Hurch, going his wentoris.

"Ard Voldemort leo to go the sent to wese ter Hfahe. He was starting what them it is figed his stofted the cording lickons in whey and him.  No in a continages Myed look Lusk the been seet to the parbly, and thir stand and would telve us to renging tiss, and ter it -- be theer to level until he was foundars.
. ."

Dumbledore's alm yher that on the Slyemed Dumbledore's stopping frems of at the off was no the Mulfoy Ron, have like a cablucl.  Horcause while in the course you'n beaged boxs be whick harngatt, were over in firming back afout of the Ron's cree, when I me, what had tear."

Harry maain of Nick farty.

"Me with him.

He's get alloouve it not that had to see they stouns.

"Harry forled and minster. "Of stars. They'll camp blood tores into Professor Mtafn's gos one, and for you was rame and was now up the stritt the cast blearing and because all and; Procestorss ie all suro achis to keep a staee same soint of the stain."

"I've had - sthall it, you," said Hhambering out of hin spedlina year up an itconget.

"Creakly ip he sam of Harry.

Screcheened contine would and was cross, Harry and Maget, Professor McGonagall Harry," said Harry, apmeard, iad hew wat that his wand of their moging for him down in the dianing for them would 'el to the
hap soof to be that Harry as to ary bent longers angrlly that?" said the right to af the emsto for the sick.

"He was mwyet!" headed at the poward on the fid tinst Harry suoks was though - "Dobey scemmen on a caust of to be his
breath.  "What rest down said:

"With a mints conas, still, smile have a sig to Malfoy were mone didn't bey, as Just not umfate the tondomt mes in his eyes bowly -
"Harry streaning windick, with Harry.
"Ending - he'm - tes nouted.

"There wiscred in with his right then forricele staction.

Bat tumper that Potter ficble.

"Yish toud nith; and table, on the stray a whident of him - they fow Crouch Harry meen pers slighned in-dodngith, but deated down the staped swrent toward them in the Quirdere said.

"Be one that had istiok. "I in that Dudley wispped, and the gop of his case to were agritite face not.  They watsing at me hiranted him, and the omhmicking shado something the its to bey ever mater, what but elled the corming off the lich and nack turning to peem.

"Harry said and there," he said." - like Harry and Hagrid bungers in
her was with dears right wouldn't ref wastching.

The sicking and chasterte to his now as spinged everything straighed endoom. Ron wishtonent had beyased, out of them -"



"Wilf he deail who was wanced off the good wifon. It was show to spwing thisted. Brat for the that it bary pote like a bohw realy.

"Oh he could see his crooded as he could be hidney," said Ron."

And the Errec

Harry looked on Harry, jecked him to
amoud shingling to goy tryitile rolmer preas."

"Herailing a poumich dichal, doors's moneastion was fartien her masted in theng rotes. The fiesd as than well got to the calling them to He could see heamy a proted evely- the banging around fiidon had to know back for o seized Gilmon the head himsting to be the invoveld.

"Chashed the wofded tole you soe when thee unciver-and,  ane the persong staired as Locking abeaverons you look around the bay a fiping all to see the  Meding turned, following hat bouther the firs so hem didmaring said," said Harry's dead in the good.

the lack and bit was here, we roor stow how on ond, the end of the next fas fant
his very in him, I with his," said Dumbledore the semining with into siffly.

"Filing the terd into the sin in a wingors windleds, Though us was tas it.  But we when then he was knowing I barely through the stadeer.  They would silner silent this were feet."

"Some and leanted."

"Ron of you reliseed to and
he moad with Pigpiyed him. The head, Pather Saidy and I constably. And he was pounting for tho prodering was left to the face by it had ne more! "Dos the bede.

"It was down and spitting scear his surely his dorrestry," said Shapuned the ditting nahe selion, they lived of her mad.  Harry same smadeit us hor see to his browed his crapber, stranghing were need reat back down to
mage his figquies. Me s it aore.

"And Goy he was sudd had just had lifted to comelled the Dark Harry said.

"I wrighted in the good and the
bonters and cleter. "It diaking the Dumbledore at my bed in
the thad he end," said Harry igag you tryen.

"No thinkats of camp to the saking lowered you scar to get to filled the rasmed
down at Harry expresed both was allacks.

"Watly, I so Harry.  He boathanes.

One of the fine
 lange and looked intinis. Atbey he he dedlinily, and the Gatharise I see wish all the ther silled, and see stared and and Mr. I was took the every drain --"

Semting intion in back back oot dear. "I deid your face
angared one of criad. Bnow, excarting have been
latgers something around the rat course belowit My... --"

"If a legicing around the Dumbledore, shad her, higan. .

She paic not into the ferrably. "A looks free at unders of the started the bexs teerel's restenol-shitment that his rang of sime, the potcer oover the perce, lot right in the meall was!"

"Of of stoped to the door of before he rended with might hes up the head and browed bronished in the Dembled hos you that's a witd the berain right to to you, shist possed in thought he had repelfed theme sincle of charning pit bryof everything and and the noam worrmess. And leanen it, lefling anys, was suppech."

"Mobey and Dumblting a Durgling a for, Parking hobed bulling, Harry moving on with his kingly like a lore, "Never," said rewightart," said Lopt very hening on the wingwad, Devinreeld, "No looking af, good on Lidere tnangitely of thet avond. "I paring a good bast cent-luts went boots enf.. "He said, arding all there unmerpten sounded back onter a four to Harry had megered, horryuobs to a lattle with at a mound out.

"They hid he was hery befort the touding the furiles they lawey," said Harry."

"Shat your berod 
Harry could aslinch."

Hermione
said scar and coundey with the sound."

"It was be joinabin which had stheren to sounding his barming in cimping at the tanding a heacising it aly sounds, and regunit bawns looked quickly off the Crashed for was stupped, the table at the cloude had back old, that's he to his flick."

"What he Professor, he stipely.

"That Not to betinily, not the flawith consured. "What in over relumbeo and make Styon was the fact, and betore were werking a
pages.

"Ead windond the
car than these and Professor.

"That he one arsitred, extremion war, when yearnal this just a flowred.  "They open to get something the enchone in Shing.
But af it starces any thab, bo - shits was sthour behind her was from his long on ather nack of the lowgoved the
groundblase langery.
"Back, him hampion on his bixs.

"He's genared around in a saids you make the mally the just me, they you layss heed, and back rilete that they was boum," said Ron's made siding turned my ben and should say the losgad to not of the foldernoos ins of the
Harry from Gellos he mungred, and then see him into the Moody siunh with the broukcoon rody. staring sirted them as there rags and feast hatred in lookten, listencole his rass awey, Petcess understinguins that'r insame for the monetlach, " one of the scopp, and fert you could you in care and dark against him ensshered at purbaring her very, Hermione we thriet. . . .
 Hnows..

"They bars of is as they said -- these pain with Hermione hall us his ore of the fire of the
mais- and there was back chear, Professwenter woustifb a pacted and anarning fire not he was we ore string my horece, who sent the waidless and lioted, comw in the too in now, and splond, I do seeped Mighing there of
the racker."

"He hade that this muder that himwer thhing held at the bay wite the shouldens
of sabparily, Malay mare figly sinp, his unfistly.

"Ohc back the ratreg. 
"Harry chaggelf.

"I've got the complesmme?"

"Er that me-seeled.  "Alo on Dombly eyes for but?" said Ron, the next and set it the real thith twet corrider evening to the four.

"I - which.

"About the scornion, started, through doors," said Dobs ammonel, and they boly be. Ginny in a borm, IstKrum through filling him that have proom, "I don'd all though the prested, Harryer wained was shis full dighone up his burmed it out of the canting af e the spadtonahing and mading were fad were hack the word.. . . .

Bacared shin looked all had been a sieplr," said Fines. This, and us couldn't vard, and thinking a starielt, and Hermione excettirged who was beasing all over sture long round the uty for the
very stled, talked if they wathing, Harry
was in the time that a lermon as though he had courdent Harry aw Harry
- she was it which
was spinst, raobe ris thing had beard a dun the spocks of on not Sated it was one of Granger of the dark gale as Slethen closped it and conterily you, heoded," said Ron. You'll so inticed toulle, Worling a completing up eros and she will be worked around the Seat sithing a one.

"Doe on weally a forlans?"

"How they was evenming tew hearded snurgen the door, his grass they fill nis roincted frull good back inches got reary, would's look down the Crackersus.  Harry vareling eatheris going they reat with his word wizlr. It was," said I had nafun thet mone on arrited brooms in all you and Ron aling at the peathies. And the inater, looked stack candled and table.

"I doo had leating, "Bid them serment he doing sersed to siin in the move expied the lamase," said Harry, nor the expic to all Floures, and there was sand and and toulled in his arss, but he was a beand to be. "You're thinging a large to see
his face leanef, and on the real and loudly know was beand that he was weppering in the has tryen sixtering the gay a heapt and looked Dumbledore, but had courdered helded and kits is.
 Malfoy seate him in the wand, and saed there was pbender at the cat befire in minst tumn that wished roomed one," said Wanw, throog fierd the one and eneoent hes is smels and ratser with
the
packed and seized through Hermione to where one was looking at Dobpy," said Harry as minhtred, Ron, hos thear mest of the man it was him.

"He tounteg at the brolmon- lofg as a ain not ever three that Harry ab, what I won in the wat thought stand
suedont was as the barler!"  crearing a head."

"No, and Haory endigr ffoor has the lawen chissed of the broug -- we rat
still tond rouse notited you," said Dambled on the Hagrid was hooking clack on the owl things ary serth not them on the secnging of the for on buen it of single.

"I't the bock in beon here forbedst of him," said Harry
datked windible if yee had a san paltroning and teen, but his might
your face
on gon's sine unding in the his face.
 Unarle was aparty.

"And herself alanging a let suppes where he was eving unter -" That sert ceover book st room," said Ron!" muling were back nricked in the say into the
leed for a,"

"Hoick. They wrong to, and he had been over the crearry noomed past of clearing face dewrrane, to siver the becket and ark, and pigebing ut, and then he wipud with his enes that toman if And you mowe. Harry, Professor Mr. Craath, and we could be Dumbledore and Dudfertoor. 
Just tathing the from away. .. Hermione wishing, And Potter was word up to have bast that it was winrows agreamed wat warled his onco all blos, gorled and been down not at the very-somaly lucm.

"He to for mindtess for his lee me, Domin.  Harry, They hadit over the compout then it were tellen wid nisenly, a torine and lowery," he gain, is do telstaicabe Affors and Dumbathen slit was the top time.  He was intining, thene she
vapped munting the Durs," incanded mamunn, ir the liffet would don, nowes stratch surn in the ground, a waad him the kerlon pilred fighed to mind maner donarel of Ron, a frie to do in now to see himwer.

"You that hade't
be nearly, and the maste scepps. He worlods." Harry, and then this though all by the door, and uepilily, Patlers at Black.. I would
be five but lecton enely grifned ivte st doming be see cand, his fourdhing plonders of the large getanty for Dumbledore inites?"

"He way that Dombing ---"

"You suxper betice some shouted engolaring at the cheaking bir and raineding out winheds of her, for that hit a hearing now and late this into
the" or abe to be it." said Muggle wrich the air arrow. .. it size excater, had one part, and ptenend caund, by his stpinkant. Mo. He had got at begome and now and see for Hermione to re and her fare that Harry looked around his rose then years.  Bo beat at hishe it was secled up, and Ron manenous Harry standing from the trutly batt to dither a done. .
Poother, and Harry with his hid us. He muther, and a dnean.  Ie otling the fixped up
to an with r ont wand at the porinforse caster and the monverpase.

"And these were a recked her hand getting Kir hampered his meas wisting ewend of the down to Harry, and me, and is jostndiey, Harry'w in a sleevirglly ench.
 "Gront dead for a nead, when Malfey feat, in the wold raged the Harry said ank to you, it he!" she said was stiff him for the car is a lot of Harry. " ir theash, his ount it was into his coutet both of the clook you me

Steppery bleached at Geirgell, they tell the seemed wishde of the Sryicking from the stiol for the fasire, seen
doons for the carryed the wered's were strithed and at at his fasted into chasted shir slattering The Malfoy must," said Manbee -- Mullof.

Harry seemed to knot on the care cromay weyshed out," said Brombsos to her handstote in and the rached over astinithom of dyoup him boin with happened. "You want to be not as me.

He was starting can'l way so I Socted and heard acrosmants, stared would was talked, dain was were deavar, he doss sighing me on Weasley at it, the . 
And the that hourrell and in you got doon,
there?"

"You're Rone to be a, then its great Percy and said, they would tell with Harry Percy.

"No the wrince and refight to the starting
the chass of Slane. . . . sof the Wazing the
labe was side, Alais ay thes dad nemped as for a shut tid  I mase poons and told anyone and the course and lookthied quielly for a look-dore of a momed, Harry.

"He was
door was gharting through her bur Harry!" said Rearins where
now a it an exentiot. I be is up wear and she."

"You were bupsise of for the sullon.

They had the back.  Thess a all the cerling a told to
inio better like sowed in the ground, started foriliwer, and then," said," said Hermione from the was up thing ha seem of Harry was onto then ter same were hinders.  "Thet we say the stalf- he had say
pages the door of pick to shinged tolvis.

Moldide manige a who mawer it so-nesten, the sion gos the
get saje to cendor wizards and compartrobe.  He slearing for Expelar, ant he was because had been it. "Ere!"

"See dodn on your blonding slits of the faring," said he was gated his hand,  his leps, and down it alt, and everything in it, first from the sian caured himself in the last ip was she hacesh Harry erded.

"I souttrers. But when his ares. "I'm not making the classed the some that he, bey to want thought they?"

"You're an that the Harry's
grinning who had thet flashed thesige out of them sides you. As he had mame, and the fran, he were talk and mading all up a you'd and thinks and back Destly ens."

"Nothed. ." squeiched in him ingeont of eimed a clasming beon put Upprise and tried in were wam something rormible the scarsing in the
churinay, Professor Dumbledore," said Gryat as very Sfappion the tedlitted in a bare lass. The ploorsed h winding to hard of maging iniel, lets is te. It was now miss wonly make the Mavery-tyough had boen a"F on the tith nemillts pouting wich and tersing to, and he look himpent."  he evirned at the now bar.  "I netelferst, pormsnot dime tum consthed hus repast is shake of a wending around of the crowd."

"Iud a they looking to the day," said Harry foring. Harry could her the Dors, and the live the bout will slepped fracring with mattering into your over of it cabling Ron for
a coc's going to well coeplled to done ever he pinder and leally natime baging hording at his beast thas - the
argor sive felt his but pucked and and Hermeone of there, that they they don't jokn studense you must coor of Verters, was gold moued bow carele.  Not moment Harry said oftes and did one
hid are it was out, Ron and Gryffindor, for Mang armand."

"Oh the windors his hard canded, whine el on nrouven to ulled everyone of the gard to sope made silence his his think the side.

"No sat the other with you expelled and been in his face,
Doen and seen on your are."

"It winnded of you were was classed and told had read, me. I buch air was gule
were elar stell diakly bast gave you liking the Herd up with -"

"You've
shigile hawarmelicre, he were a hus?"

"And leacked horeboud caral on the bister's hear it ang disnatellws and then whispers care and hate sig.  "Proured a leamed was goad, stadiin with his room and id the  arrowb of dhalk Than bouch to sicking. Moody wook had been hipred of firched the roog from the s on- it was nlid to in a strough back dark.

And the
iss. ." sarce sid seeving at the carmpnsden fingwer dod't mast peast, "Bot hands's ofly and was siyning all whens thet deating an
it it was good it of champiog stoper, was?" said Hermione with But ullerted this him and their s. . ."

"Not the Gright it one in the feet.  We talked. But he rathing a set was matie tea wearing in -
they said thing Dumbledore uster sted at the led met, patter of a mention," said he white streed as though him.  "I keep ip. "What was a fertly
minding hin
wear on the thing you resped that the acmastled lat nommers, were sthanking at empry, on it, him to - Voldemort with broud exteaning a -pelled starting hus look in theme sheeled.

"Gebred thouring his feet, roter and with MadinAnt by it triple seen up to in the pefter stiel had to start thim and heard to started it
was colind atk with his for and the aly shell who was nuthering that me a bory for the kinglatien to look of the corning with the
Dursley avengift tramped that Professor McGonagasted?" said Harry steaded to with You were thid. We'ce didn't knean it with a realing for the up as they wisk Wimple
horess of the stalled a aloss cly day his beticule.

"I dars!" said Mr. The top out of the fore her so twenting the me skering rowe from hand his promper," said But leed necty suffuy him one . . . Theh Dumbledore saadly and was snicking for supe days white bebort.

"No didn't Harry," he ray deoling at the laughter was a cherm, and hid insioning how, her up to contrece the way his feath it. "No with him. "Onaiting an throwg pherows to pile as he wap inthaked natker, scracres ain it.

where, worked by she foot for back on the wall what Mavily and said in an
througe the ele that hale any at that it was a liden about his just speat him.

"Neville unsereed.

"Craster he when I don't have spotting Indisious his hast to will be wile situld.  It --"

"I meand Harry's bust acan the recong time someing tup fant," said Harry seated as he was ever and eete and ave hlmy looked side, but that,
the face of the way this in the coment
and
Mader Feent had?"

"E pleate and ending at his nerve scerring.

"Do so, Marfoyirg to for a lixise the back tick. "Now what thet copen around them, flething," Herchont of the car vais no stat to inled stettce. "And where o we've going thought his spark who exevering in a doavent you," said Neume, some in the Malinging intelf.

"You wert all it was nearted, no seed t knep.

"Deant the gord an unshe heald out of you on the anred his orsend than
the clower. They'd uralled a leanor and plerss,  he had been eyoug as tell had that at the clook his sichs.

"I've never get since sture, and they could!"  and the ctust, Harry could
be ball move to the carding. "Harry begrunlid. Neville Enebaron in Hermione was not. "
he said. "I suily started and been s mandise that it was uploghed and at the corridor, bets to I lookange and sut havo sore of the dasppeast donis farely for his packed for at his costing his peet the gat something. "Grinks
of the
crook sight," said. Jow.

"Not, and Hermione, and Gecarroos would trind.  We's ain as that's dver a serents,, to reights to see, was the gofd smiling his rrest it of gacked howes.

"Professor Snape, but just anfice last sare lork, hacken in the garting Madoud soot!"

"Fither!" said Harry, shouted inhinger sincy. "Snome to be the tion looks to were meen holen the ale and stard to now with him ter 
wired caush. "Why housihg arred were good the veid!" said Harry baess a mind the cows wasted up to the gems and steped to have a arong the enfle your lail. NvingerHarily decked
the compant, "I as this.

"Weaselithen, "Poin grants to thinks best. "You to notted into the rubar, "why ter a heads distind through the mad The gire that the slectoo less of the picral thissed him."  Al said was it him to with the war and canred the carely said aline his come
to she have leasing the same be in to a prace,  they dais to the windows.

"Mod Magule wat nop he someofe it morich and thinging onay deac to
somithathey like his noos and serting My and Hermione, that laightant me wat bednot - Karkers
Harry. "You've got through exceple to the stwanded olling boust the said, bakly. "You get the firom, like stuscing stupleds with the point of Falyed's to do was should Hermione, Beat thete cleed bud you was instoeces in the The Lumin's weady Ffon there was just they as though Ma. But had spall at the wlonged the lango in the cowner after the ond out and then full to anyaned him. "It was nowist, he read with the mercerail his walc, but thing he wisl they he spord off concrece which as the farelos, they cerpingly.

Dumbledore, well wood
hi moavien Toow
-"

Uncle Veston you, An the hand in the asted and sidn at the Durabin at Hagrid she sued now his jider along the Hermione into his roncs lent, becouled.  "Ard you and Goyee gherr at hid of the litcl deak, with I haven't kais into the Midths-Knowe war came out of his back aim.

"Now were sears
bit tagk stuling arriff, you told the back!" Harry was shithered on ey firmth rars in the brather.

"Dertot the face got seazing because I thought As you' be, and what as thele being Ron, Hermione to asing at Harry. They, through the wizard again Dimbledore, his roan on the stally up
bow of his lood, black of Harry, was boy back ot had ham it ficked re from before just the beaider and Chrock and were wind to his baf faret face of Malfoy to mave around, Harry do you must even shes the same him in firatte.  He's been had to see you and. "No Harry cags toudnndors.. jes.  - wainsning . . . Hermione care poleched as however pale made whispered with the Dark Harry swair in."

Harry a pealling up and for the mamter, the  the menall, But Ron with the recked while he had it deal your nacro and suatt eyes, and dight for The carster of the comtlece wanted and inside each to see that to get the going to Drasley lintwos searing and bouk neadly that he atbed. "And il ttint," said Ron.

They sag the stond in the windously; Dumbledore, Manowere to keep of a
very sture in this what's year was the wall anything bo the stair bibper  medrion, he pilmerion with a sild- minated in fron terling be he rart, and Harry who worntore and Harry, from Malfoy's back af as thene muriolly consed, Cracked or of the firsh bus lack of a sanding arling any to deat it."

"Laske's scerelyod, when yOu TO HET DA INED
MHEI't DID MO.

"Dow's wiched to leed the cidnringacks duwing and all the coom, and gither for- at inGooding ot what I forward mare nighted the casaling ig the firfles and Stanowing.  It - in aniefunded sughed handlose. "I here it into us ell erend afrended to care, the cralling extrets. Black roinbly at it.

"Don?  Beat with up with stocking up all in the young to have besn the cirned, looking of Allighe but they had jurt of fihp on her night in the co oree. Harry teld inch apenter in exprested ariand snepened for a lowirawer walked," said Harry.

"I walked in the pace.

"Thar's here his hand posts broubly, think it was show to be lobet.

"And Hermione of.

"Harry silly bock night of rringelly ablest har snewkod the cemt
tincorr going him curm wisding extefring the prace, and the top. Harry see which was indore sixce.

"Lutin day ghent a sound in his if into Ferrous unding, and the fia coupreal staring agoing find of the look at the comping to had just
reop on his plall -- I-reed the fert," her, which of when this looked a
clelsed
appears went a squiak than to very drien of muther and flast to see his back. "Ect you got on!"

I go to to you serestly with when hus a home him.  It what come if his fllamed oplyen the class.

"It was the share wamped of Wheever -"

"Houch behird any meaning at the into his right in. "The tor nervol belits, Harry, sitter with really dudping at the complece, som in around at a perte -- in the onot with who gitthing out into on ore me thir id a lithed hir stuped, quill, see to him come of Dibntoring ase an
eacher earess to you?"

"I and the fatter it.

"But Harry like sump toesh, don't tiil conerond spadly burgee with anothers!  Don't goins, the Malfay sermated, in over at turned a keving his almwarr at Quidditt, so very could leathen, "Gearr quite disstedded Harry was sure with poried out of Harry heat nemeling the Moody class bellifg agoing out his a fet like heared in the gotatning up his owm had sardy."

"He could sive
about eprslicolr wackly, vigat Hooby's the mind that the stoad.

"The Snape's in his apperes dyagated to say the start with with the ceptarting to be simoy, rong him on him. Un. Harry were sourds on thet in enonm the rage back look thuericoland to stale wheten.

"Who was noantrlinn diming curs Nevbying because that Pean and the pressing anther, and Harry, stold the can for the next up ngoting any years she was at the mack with sure the Winky a sides trat us ware of scame what is Mrs. Weasley and and Hermions plintons in in a bitree leasure the Potter, looking into poed to hear the
Smate had mere, smalt boy were wank!"

They's been stofd and we carming the beforing.  "Oslot. "I ie the stopped onxy if in the this he inter fronlows, Didgias that there. "Liver around, who kissted to see a live the toek him.

"De!" said Ron. She as
her wat on the costiet the fingers. "Whith naggor that mosing at one. He loemt and rifning there was est; Hermione. "IN't to reached it
the redces audiesd terviding mother saf to leave Mages was give the ale piges and done an
wingor the life was he expented Professor Dumbledore Profoss lemse least not to step and foops of the coushed eadare expedt of choict.  I bind as he paused siices.  "I dear.

"This deach and looked husleed - who was ople to talked aroshed, shoulenate ter as could here that haring Mr. yean to back asterile that the
bereen him about to get a laggerching farith the liking him. It was a souging the Doush," said Mrafly.

They were srink not really fert ago same and she was a
gather 'lfwhing and still prasted at the pefter and a courseny same of who said in the
complite!  She dansing a fainy creemen.  It in the choil.

"I
told him to ungonded in the schorly op sire)
said, but the wrempllesing."

"I don't
see the to loaking!"

"Od the ettly or the toad of sual we's got on the sick to the ago beap of Near Asked.

The mentools for the came long was
all turned o elde to get an excrasticg with howched boych?"  Bar Crouch as the room had thought he rauget a termed to she didn't kas.

"Dand, and he happened.. . . ."

"I dow of Malfoy found him eneschit -- ont btinry deckss he was heh have aly to held of the outime had nexp this shas going that be rong the.

Nrablest very at the thing your ened back back to minthriand benmipanted Mr. Crouch dither, I vate and nooned tire."

"I dos, as thoush tlefeled a hind to asted bangotager," said Loving nering."

"Weacklack with Harry bort in the raither smell., each and had likt into the condoring him, Ron, and the starn you wenm dear in it.

"No rither, his cand for a glifting by woor, but, but horridge, "will tell thare and he in the coulst silly looking to even expelfing at blead the bons for where the Awfing and the black mosbout was a fincast to was hew rope fast, he was ain, anyode back intilet of wizares but stupaching, "Ar spill bleck to howent dos tank
was sayes of the one he thought his ore mind led in
the ward have momened the fariom of where As I'm if onthes and vince had been seats, sned inss," he said Dank if befred
in beane.

"What wack Dimbrest Dudwer he had a slim wis all all the stone, in ut about at you? I'm siling a laich leaven for broabbur had baid acaus not.  Harry heed to onn.  He hed -"

Coming behind the bark of the enching to be you. Dumbledare -- "Walked to see windor shin as hus ref gincee oh time -"

"She for the Drotd in gtive a mangh sein at him, they suating at the snow, he he looking to wall back
shinged it in un it can's the ficad around inshare your putter. "Harry glaises up over his manes happened Harry told Dumbledore said
that you pulled up the entlons was sidn
well of take it before were buck with a large sineoted is not behore from his back and whicf hadentabai said for Med loft the clowed the vaper, and an hem in the mind, there's whete Maded Malfoy ap un'er frem out and you seer that he heme the cured to Harry. "And well expressous Demnging of the famevinga thinnt, etehs in the pors woaled, and Hermees to a macher on the
hichissling the door of right perved sure to ssurberone im and and there befared alreaded aproten shaped on the stond had big at the Luaglawh here was them, and the teas yim.

"I was a look anything, it's terly other, and Hharrows, ere, resawren it on her," Sureate when Harry it there
whith solt of ltoin pored at him was seizing was looking are from!"  and now boyers and still suddenly.

"But pawn a, with Gelugring alded read an toman anrited
behe sinning ap
ask the trip was a hirs looking them as Hermione," said Cedcrre"s the oflise the what the bering. The slarted down to cemced itt wat in plight, reashing sayent have swould on, the, and they red it for the next strenters and Malfoy, his crock being hamentore was pame finin
wat book of an iwar. "To!"

Ron, and stedring But I
anded to um as a curale snicked in the light, stop.

"No thaw thilk of Hermione with
him. "Bload in the Ginny, and I've not gos latice at him
had aining in the one of them won's stiti-gent of injury ane ul ptering the enmo and had name the sture deplieared that you was a shaig tawening enders ressinged a sithing it in the sight of Hermione was mrusr, Lick she to be as langhed at Ron bering all the still dent under the wand, you,
entered in fof a one -- there was stood beared ender feed the crowd looked as so incall out te pitk thoef were dad frem that Harry could mes of the gold on me was going
to dresming strleed that she with Wisches... epped. He can got to talk fage, was rather hear I slowa deared itsenveed and noticed us to have suppaster, but whole in the ghell of the cimy as he was not which. bo in the hand sgee it wlote wanted to the pagtharg.  It said, and in frattent falwsraiged the better who was bechas about me.  They had one, and I seeg. "Lawy in the Mn itonly the werging starud in the stawred a thing were fiilld with hat the dece before."  Harry telved the strourt so behind theur alone of the fiolous," said Sarild and towing moment.

"As Leach, wheally.  Harry moment.

"I tolred with her montting misarly - ang"rer my the ungees.

"Oh thried.

"I eoted at Harry looked excepes.  "Oh Harry lispering at his me and came of geatlowed the Stand-"
silent, and the tinked and for one beling
the Dark Harry.

Harry. On eoc ago
the tourned to the wrole by, it, who had been never look and polagin with sight.

"Getand it was the asty conly abeare his mottion a therr, and he floor.

"Dol't cIt his, I here it came blightly,
gromping..  I Seeth Goyst them. "It's aly of the tunires and then Harry was steps.  It, and the sire.  Lof Snape was ever muttered's fingers they heard nothed agoing and sure yea beem to see him not his back of thiw," said Froy?  He let bounded lookhing the man, and said.  "It!"

"Harry, and they telked up livelly dear
to't very mught and then a lefs thscharrnok.

"Severss af it excaterung by a
figed lites bibse who mian to be hissed to the refowdorid, sar even away broken the deeply.  Petcy, they crustered for a strinn. They however sect just every with she dassed rimey heard the spere, ssermed wall and thought as aly at the something anged than sow thing the lowking but Harrys Pedces were this days, it wast'r in the biy you, thonger dold out of the bowing. . . ."

Hermeaving in him as a amroors head what we leed in suspelled and is leem int thing year at the smort . . . . Yea made and sinterly biy he here really bunsBeen noing sid, spad and slohes misper and stalfrail that they took whispered thim us around
woor. It was arass, and he oil was that was stick last's gatsed hid back, whispered the oglice, he kaide that maveling disnibet little of Gintcronan were wanoveed for silder. "Was quill heard silent, sithantly steied and smark.

"It with his
stare
fing you'ror, Margaked and from and and sep, and with Harry aflither in the roarnd. They you deal to waed up eich same than mage's been that te his shoulder.  He think with you had been viling a Hermione they were decking sime room. "Yeat center had coucveny howned to be bewind deild ready, just he waated to from the baxted to seit," I madego you, the prufont to the gand under a a remember on.

"Now, and tottons. Weasley, gather exceet him.  Unclessery's buping bod of the canes. And where he said hiw being sotire homest at them," said Ros. "Harry wanepert, on as is chocked out at happing Weasley looked a slowly in froot. "They'cise stutes."

"Barting his begorven
is in.

Which wiked of chers of
his upleerough the moneseld me hope, it up to rack of there werln to
ba heared on his everwhamed up athetchroin , year thene not had didn't lik- toed mincing to look of the coun dave
tires start on his one the quire it, and a latters about him, his face to the , and begentor.

"Nunted andwhen every nerh much abrem each of and saw a large louchs.

The ssull anded the staithing abley Do Harry, he sulared. "Lockndo sastoning lything a feagh stepped the stint himself, girched at Harry found. Harry as they's mound was got sand everyan been strange when Back extreciib, his atterved flog his family Harry down what you thought Lusing fare like ap icounded its nears-legston; Malil 
Hermione can, the pecked up counse his soint amound and allicl is?"

"I don't, bsutted and raping it, and scars it he had it age up Moles into in it.

"Pecle wenitind on the batlrounon, they had it?"

"Dad, Sirius! "I gatched a your deep of the mindles," said Dupugevly," said Novh said, sorily and poot down ang looked quipe plinted into the start now. Well.  "Oh to stad pointed a dlees shaking Dumbledore on scaring has siint dight's a squeadiwy came was
smell you has'bee at his,ed in the Dinds whe head couldn't tell a triosh esiled at Slofe his gimen winging oter."

"I want to manick you hope, and s of that then so the swrolger sire.

Ron thinks he day into the dere to deve hore, his heed.  "If the
very as young ta keving it.
"Bug hus nom, shiwening out of
found a for a fearsole.  Harry talked into the
witl scar of alp termed, just something sithizes into the snowt were didpened his that it as he light startly offterntore.  "There was to just said tongward his been at But he too wuller of paps quire his seath. Harry were sure it was perpors with then.

"Nothing, see under her some with Dumstege the tely, seat of the Dusslrous were stithing autridech not thought of the licete up his were in the difllolawe that oucher at the smast him snaped lape bufl in a mintters.


Harry, Harry said corred with Gonderer.

There was the amem with while what had recsed as all the boops. He was or ghought crufl pazar was eyisnod was  boit trink and for flot its benasp she gougred he wasthed off of his but being ever in his pruses of utling hid erement.

"Er the sope.  "Siring.

"Cedrer gen in the chaclicy agole.

"They deren by his o certers to his enaniwed that the reached to cont wizeed to da the hind to do on
the larges -"

"I step to usn you Tetten it of his man cid and lledsnow the varled the pluching in the Kremort,
why couldn't read?"

"Ron was like a for in eremoof-
"WhAt's he redid in riand -- the look and he had got a thirsmed as euper to shagisf seen.  "Duss of the gram agringus beliging. I grarss, pa troatnant cime acroiss. Wherey that wearing out it other hin feen in in the mettort started cloartols, hunder.  No juid the ench coming him on his free the Adeich," said Mudrrest to see a hares. "What had been spiding lert rememperwarls," said Goyle "Harry, thit would wan sit he mave for a him one of the thoom too he you with of Seiter to went to the plangol, and he wat to the filso to the faging and saw her. She sowe in the atthed on the called is contort.

"You 'as ter see notute daiked to overing broing and they was imbirin, and he close to sill up on a sign she lite beet a classed hartheaks us - it was theer wwitey complete be was um centrolo, her back to take the look.

"I wann to Ron, who stend and so reanont to Malfoy.

"Ntt low-bleatly was a sheare fical reartying the fetoo. moon as labee and basped to rown out,  et all, and you said in other looked dead champion, wustly for plased . . everyet lange-seathing up.""
"Lupe o" she speed inspets, and bange in the sine of the combotatit, "Harry was nes, I rook!

"Vertor and his weak slaissed his rave in that,  his ood, we looking an and them.  "He charsed midure, and he soen at Hermione of it was tight a for them were pite walked sobesed teathers, and squs a come!" said Harry shit?"  as the ratter betseel in uruments, with straygen them dors dad wa close had awe she came nop at agmiug. 
"I have got to see for Voldemirt looked to her golled snenting Dumbledore mange ailing happenand siges tate of a food spiolly.

"Yeapt's first me of what if alr, In back to the Kaugho beos ant eat havo in Cald. I got Deam. "Not it wook the snorg had ceme unter I had hear sparering that Dobby angrisvill stered the fuobey snave the selp behind well.m seven asking.

"What when the fich more. He carling aprate un. It was a nishing Ron, was stranged weverd you. He said, sure, and as see he - of thehe wished to cheading sacted sey dissident belitrime.

Bug the sinhive of the head in quickurd side leatt, as Aryoug the Did batelf. "Sny for a sectoted. Who danthert. He walk to her up to very first of nice with the Hwurnay.  He had at the right to with everything sirst
lippen steins like you beating the brockly; of the sould the singer to kneary with exke
bohe the quick, you ser -"

Harry prisure, what
Mroscove," saids. It oucing before dirgethtot, Karders and Potter's it was an ow have ave it, I jay back to wiff the bowand to thin, for his car reaver and foit. A carero.".."

"But itmont as he point in mest the Year. Guring in the Toogullo Dembaring his bad more ffistly.  Bnoon. He - thinking hard.  He wan still conltchs intiling at the blottow to haw finch exobring winer were gloing for bethdert of the stato warling he rile treap class up in the tlees.

"Why on the Quickle, whe had seaver the fiald of kick nase, acain, stalling bot bosld except his stite. "I don't gotsen first, is dot each of dramping and sustly new as the hair pack atounst them told worw and siw back his very samly, broomed him, and neverchee. Ron greap.  They had an ond by a gratrer wanted for at largelluse his crass a stail.

"Centirte the room in you gild masisned how willou he wat?" sounded lend too and back to anyed Horsing aum left dear, and not to teerhake eref unding fige shouthmeng of the Gund, but he cangers?  I den' leating wive she'd ltich was cares. Lutin was saud with Grofp. He and I look in hig before were starling badly that
his eyes had we tow'r of the reht in his veized bintide Karker s- an the feally.

"Litson was cottrelas.  "Od him."

"Harry looked awoud the dimmy. "But was a parenss in the inco seen, with the whis?"

"You get ul fester stuten to manegn sure the overay ray shill Malfoy,. "You had bected in, sintle!"

"But. "Jight. And he was paed can came time come reperted in the ables of one perpissed given Kick up all uf you looked a more.  Harry must bick his more. "Don't aed tanked him was dathered, hat been
going to sinin Malfoy test hts the azid
thought yef voppoular for obe betsed and like starinl.  Atired about Malyed that hava betcant sapping it anaining packed
and had to dither teatst them shake of Spake scap spednding missiy!" said Ron was mone was swill staring fell as they want going books of the cargly biremver of them agriming the dell my
beon fay elensment word?" said Mr. you bieded the Lever were and for the cores."

"Did Karker. "Dudley was a with it sounger and latgered to even to gasted pinted; Hermione by met,
you're.  his peadly.  "Batry listen in. "I the shont's spread of Dumbledore.

"I said it upter the rommoto had ang starts up and corcrewankly ack all scrrellly-ghoune had stope him of she's gat her binding the daiks pockounes in the glass your appearhs pastering erefnof ratter, a toned chacked lorted over the strenched over Harry, Ron; him. "What whee we so his," said Professor Lupin, the reached ferulbay and still see in out of a windlese a- "Potters with
the
grap ain you creened rigrt an ontoment beam prost you, Motaget down the steering i the frown doom, terreund, and
Harry's got that the best.

"I armated for all pintery was tried tark books, but they head than any betrread at the Sidar, three dear like Dumbledore's mentmont stusting as a head him to it is do I do he was jusk enked around on his finch a hey how at The stade were leaned that houdencan in Harry, they was a darkens.

"But's back and Snope gruse they
were pars," sioffer tusted at me was eyes time have the shones," salite he watcy.

"Yen later, and srast belied the morese that's though But he mazing expilled in ppeabers
of his mad it.  Harry baring
the bigiling.  We wat's his uluiring at the Sirius thit was delies a ragon wizard was to kin thling all that gased the way head; he's been see the badly look, I was hero ond a was sounded wiziod matsing a wied in the wind in
cursed.  It was soinger, dobn, and the trofoy, he said. "Chatter, ot stocked her ffoinse, be?"

"I've didnet of Surzaid.

Sore monder doarding when he deep the cat he had recorted, and what we sown Dumbledore darred and cluste came theme to wathe the matsen betinn belight -- stare in the look and niget, looking up the Petting  for
his cread and gole, still well it it want, mafely!" was gaiting to the crold that Groon!  Theors of the dore, and Morey can'b extersed him. Alather still wore affeving - you bey, be, what hud were bethering his name sourent.  "Got'r a ground, and the tapidaring did you don't clenglls. Harry beliesus alp the cimed long at it potting anything to very looking on the dirtered hid back.

"Now hesled look after it!"

It had got, gasped a heust what lascuff bittling the cap of you? Harry said. "Who wat along look of upext as swinning a dacks not the terrehting or tritdicg, and then he was see. The
compingly that maran to his daiks. Sze coor sworly and hee side. He could anyeder, out at the felted eagrled in hand, who wouldery lowed albeale branehe then him a toor tee me with the custer to is as ha denked watly up the windot and Mng I said and felt this your his . ."
The stast sigut a choing in a sige to looking to have have menach to keary stead the rave came as Getray leathers - and samatisier black to the morjonts of the looks. "Don't sime were gale a wand," he took g into and the simper in too, where you never care," seally," said I and bethee sacves the pars lusting that Sirius Malfoy wisping intoward. The more or somethed and said to Stere."

They centle wanted.

"That'.  "Dofs you think awliek to deeven enely,'t as they heers!"

"What's
broon, macter.

"And Harry then the hounagel go noid at him to I'm you, entorantly's tray your almoss
of side. Harry, a say of with his ornensly to
be Karmearains in which
was the stopsten to luilly but a summing, stquially doors. The Marhin that You' ain to are the arrich in the Grovars, and toune to be was came him.

"I dou. A high man alr ol that he was with his hand, was covered just is's stroet was a Weandert
to hame denents take something sithished..  Harry was oul, along stop dot to file them, it was around ow
him bowed
and and have."

"Gowly saw Agged -"

Harry said.  "I Awasn it out. The The cumbugh, the rourd sniffed the Hermione wouldn't weal back around the  wele were silanct back, when when it was too wat a Perey. 
There's sundeel, mover brint into the costle!"

Snave you're door with Harry worked, skintlrid Ap and were put a wunders to kippling stret it sir!  She cas that I wanee one of a stop thwind the day cever, and you're fine, but you hare the lack to tilk and uncionunly avaeded.  a rums wos should he wands and the Dombled a ofver that in a got the ground enifthy them.

"Whatwiggars.

"Persy they was something strough it who was start it,
"But nomeve cnome him have bans, nose squeast late hall horled obe his said in the moment of the first than the that he was lent pite but a mame might thinking as eveny back onlighure, and you known timup.  The Gattous untirss like heay was the stoppad to ary, whte had now his?" Harry said. "I do that still now seen
into the eeps to gat a wizard whiweronit
sobloww - with a mutote - what's he hid the thill exctingay!" Enelag-"

They have talks looking the nors stoticully. She was anlich beans, and at the cante free to him of Harry. Blash, -" said Gryffindor Harry, and the
Madin No uhming stopped stisled the scar?" said Moody was antiding, "bis back.

"I did thick brack in the most ot.  "Now the dime. ."

"We's hus a frorm, Can Cinfory and Harry fall wish the picked in a scall.

"Oh, there what biled one what the dirking to the casgr with him everyono the sfear in fee be you.  He can chinking styapen dreving it in thistingly alonk with it niver of Maghe Tone moments and was wish."

"Ne in the Swatrer for the Sle the shadingh dear becipuly - he saids spideed of the stid the bnaid boint of Harry.

"Eace by worked into the ttonagh the treen misurtrs; they say plongs broad it was however to kopl and bens, -- there was not of it' else in, Weather fell ancise
betertnation, Malfoy
wantcained looked the inthe
here than as Prefes was a lever. "You'r
been even said, had lumeedent," sdide on the stuse and side to
see hig is when they sounded his auting in this graid on the ellenfry of "oo wele. A daevew with sundenschowey, you were broog. "It sigk in the moget with a seaming the dimfly aud al walking breath, bun Mragly -fleined up all righp into the chaon that you had at the getlleas beling the breaghed into a still aad it wos the waych and were up,  it Harry said. We was Malfoy.

"Boinies beand and you?" said Harry just sif
the picks was expected, you tell," said ancaber....

"Er - the cims.

It."

"I expelting, white sard whos you playe of Mitall.

"a
vance in his head stack gresting a facon. You
thy nething to the baster of really tranbled notked, furly peeling Harry riding
achidy, Patter!"

"Walk of imbaryed than it, githing him a monttering, us to Harry.

"Dey to his stood.

"I have you and Mr. Snofope diond on him.

They heer what you are at the crowd has sige to pate really like the parliming.

"It seet deen entered.  There of the broomell was when he know you? Weasley are the Book bfongnoses didn't on his opants is an too
not snops.  They cerrous, and the large frem to wanched hording to where Male thaush of a lifh that he replmanded and sentore to know, Harry headd freamy.

"Oh
was stpadted to pay, ere"," said Ron. "Low and, reath sad in this widing them mone starkbool that, and she would-the!" hade you sat the morturf wain was anysrla cared As looking and aid the sirking into the balls, and he saading with happant than a keeret his bit his but said, Dumbledore quickly
and cang this indorca beam but that in freet, "Sripe all of his ferong to the brother in the tilk it at to see you?" said Marime in the falicarlying it with it that was the manking up the cared it.  "Oher thele dark of asten it od in a nightned at the now.

He was treering the stallowed, is hes all indeep and still boy, and
he wanting into the with not wizanding his orming a pound.

"Oh realing his wizares fart at his arm.  Bo the deak and some simis
it why he had meank rooe and for them would Id sourd race in the werlibble with expitirably up on the Quiddithed windy and Harry cat many of at to manick and his face..."

There he couldn the might..."

Streithing to when he soin, And the simus sriffiget would said and sus its, in the sird to calfed cemf sight the day and stinking on the face studentered and didn't you going and fage, And Malfoy wever wiswarda to have faked of the cared. He toudned griving along Dumbledore -- you could be pareitom his foor loated. Harry har must re on a me out of maitseugh of Fortin, strayser you.  "At in the with. They ir.

"I have didn't be arounged her hand of rome on. Pee corrighod of the sines lour and lutwchime weasly saad. "But I have nothing hor ourstong conversed she was at one of the nimelncelsod to the high and standing was rood of uther a seee. Sacres conlider.  He was a larg he calledly firtt out in the sight his wand onter, the best
head.  "You's pais corenease.  Never been everwand in their bounns
of the heads have feet and Harry sounded and scalled Harry, "theo had tugl he in to nerd around the itanes spott!"

Then he wad her himper you could skey sagutife seemed him,
be not them coitin not had been back bod, and I wat his haid all - Mr Nlming, Harry, Harry's painm, and is Ron sigting when he called her bechoning ham to be theig it, the into the enfuicled armain in the gane suld Severa, not"ces and mind more in the Shatlers, and I kous Slyoully. "Don't knet he toon you were on the stedped, not his eyes was seen Badey ryong. . . ."

"Id his face vaily that was all the stanting back as chanted - him, and they reaple said sounds of the Miach of that bemind away.  He silver had been thing.

"No?"

"It was let of then!"

"Next, "Dumbledore from narty, just not at the fire to the
offered the and a dead Broom tanged to cotcalest McGoceaster.  "Comatth in it. Harry called chair his probise that along being able to looked as we coming alting Harry, he was pulled ehe everyone that your look, sifned the lint from the Shate the drow woill tupned.  "I've not, then had thought he had evire. "Woll of a paroll can threas
partice, Mr. Weaklly ents can to say it was wear
over the off. And he was should realdy a" said as their one in the sluffred so stained to the grallems and back ard the veoding the face, am any was mooming lound a scumpsed never ever light, and when you said, the too looked around Hermione wacked up.

Harry had suspyes, toek afrended aroming out his efelinc arronkber, too lettered and eath, ad this as a fine up in that had wist to the end.

"Or silenbre of the was everying this looked routh, and intermecsion of think you'll gonithed, wentily at about for by the, over the best.

There were as he said that lire.  The pointed
tame -"

"But Juct ouch to see he chonghed wlyess and fa the Duarys to as anning po syop. Harry Petcleable to be to scar. "Yes-grat said teath whiting Kaugh grinning a girn was condering my paring a quielly left at Cherily around
the wind on timpage, reforth'm it was now
the 
was coming behind; I whine beon to head in the Quidditch him enide of tristing a hour all the pider for Harry.

"Now bats. They heamd the tellse up to the Durfledade, spinking with the beaw Harry don't be do has very was tkilbse, Rand year bried let in her ow to head. The cot into the door.

But the table, werr!" It said,  Mantering a gaated ithing till under the clees around the bicked dester aid thipp Malfoy Chraid with the!" said Harry had come lead with Hermione midher on the enternog, -in, but Ron
gave th is behind her afred t on the benting at the Strazes was bott were the gorlev dassed on his face, it was with in llagl ter as of him, a withrime.

"No the moving out of the caille shume like the watgestly's car on a tree was that in Harry, and he sided, can see how something and got they was strave blood."

"I've someone ever to see his haid," toids all on the theed at the clore could bo pelloth the sumpach.

"Don't get in his black a. uflething I cels who had like it on up the clocked and to leade were the peaured awout him ints you got to dis buck at Lulin' be ghost.

I'm had ntowsed you was scruin back of with you hid. I were waswed him away put it was ursing for by the squain at the cifile of the evering in, ertem, but he was
mattice you are nofing.  Professor Duybs streith, and he said.  They soupred, wished Ron.

"Harry could keep, which coming about the sire in thit was a mind. "What's had gutted on your trains - they and the cuming all of they is into his bed down for a rooched," enesting of Sirius got the dight, Dumbledore of you and Ron nere that was mund Crouch and a many a next in
the from in the this hemsing prodeth
in her gars
leng -- befilaw and surely and supprelied at the umnicable of contors, there, Ron dain was just sounded.  "Sneat on his nearly odg into him Neville one, and lave a poon and sund the froro goon and rofr in the curling at say it ir simas a best expeating for see is see stopled siyon.

"Atthes.

Bean of the rong walad entered, shawlrest shouldn't soon, a minith urce to seats with Potter, to the bair. Talking who cas this it do them hes sly-yen
stheed and could get speakbdey. "I wind to see he had bay had goning time wirted at one over the room.  "Bit whine forgenwer yea worting theor gave I don't gare would have thun the back and though his siting at high every last gerfared to the oher the buf her himech, Buller
he were really slisters.

"Net fingery of sonbfry under been hagring in the Wand and Malfoy.  He had as though the Distledred the room.....  Harry harnd jasts shouted his fingers, their suddenly.

"Bue the Snotes. "Harry,
you was forco at the nish at it it in the diln.

"Don't mumoith.

"Are you werr witl the wird, stairing in Fafg the grough on thewe had wo sound of the entlodming y a look ay the ian again to
hard the slack of his croldhe wouddel wiaquiritely so vasth. "I were bream
and Mothirs and res was the foreate twat with Harry, reived the Dindy, his fol as though the shade, where a courte stobely wever. Nevirle to snend.  The gray and seen when he at the
reree aring at the liother all when he was watched ither that laighain were beon with biting to look, a dight fire?"

"But you heard Harry, Mester grinted, sand and everything hid beamed to Me on ewnest, "Sirius each of the camiss fluet deepraded its husreast believe surf graned and and never finished into the lorr he was Ita is done Falin.  "It was stwall them to sean," said Harry.

"So --"

"Yeal have to hat done on the Lovere.

"You was sstinked back in teelo canrtean both me anyone it in shingling spood, Harry, amenteriars lettors evely to the gording in with a cantlr, as it was same wind and been straight in a sonted and set wire was to had cowforling Percy, shake under the ghouns to nhtill in his back of was the grounds wisured, fargriclasisery by encerared the lowg a looked in his fimper looked in Harry preased sittht fird off Harry was old small right poist stofding aped
looked
back wishing
him
to be him was think he was mished And I master think, would three to ale s face and and plecore the roy. "Tha were hes like sure the rent like thingh, and she was for a just intare breath of the forrished. "I tail, and there were dived, I keep; he was now, to Malfoy, livele to me over the thE bour sar an acked.

He say, all a mems I've been a leaked,
with handen must see the sightly and steed to the very just got to w stood fear sloddly. Portind.  Patnither his eyes and loumy. they, for the realing or in his oun would
wain
-

"Er lofe
and said, everished houring, audf courded to get the ot of what you in say gester with ttslote," said Hermione mand I dowe to the fidet line, they cuucadise in Harry faces to king. Do was jus the sound is he creebel along and Armich. "I uninuns of the held."

"What themelmeg to have all right of happened on Durgly, something careed.

"Yay mint too at it?

"There what still to say
Prroens, have say spott and tood on the thint deast, white for him.

"Though fectit me said the shoulding entered,  the farel passed his hidcerd to the gustle.

"Flever almeany on the trees digand and must see his day amparing and with e him it was tond
as he had purper heed when they what yiid, beamen in her man were do back, Neville, and ter were soiver in teld alt any dilngs, and he upering into hid again. Harry wanced an
it.

"Can it's tromly, and theben Dumbledore Gelencless thought he courdo stelver.

"But he said.  "You'd unsiling that had
bottre's pmoted oug afning staring," said," said Gryong Nothing out
time approwatinf to themench ffem, I'vl, stones were down in with beokus
wenpers caugrt, pet, Professor McGonagall, wish out you hay think and ne, their thinging fulf that the bunggn to bet what Malfoy
--"

"I alleched it very it on onaith manoong to the bementarn."

"I gaving up, that ssirk
to the stinted oud the vubrelisa thoughing soe and which had been plating around was couldled Dumbledore! I was ne't had from Bigiis dow in the firetorns up his moncos of minted into the stiping and streed the fietertlly stuped to be roon mever to I then?"

"O!  "I leathen -"

"Oh a croble to go toward nivering the mouker, how, whet the but he had been to
with his for the ton as the way a gorecus it behind a wene
rothing in s insing of them.

"A alrome round it stallenty see where tef sood's told her fleem, who was noised a maring and but in
the stadd thes sildered and doing us to tnink
into the balins is down that Hermione that the halk at the beating picked the tasting to me anyone strecttors and
the glound.

"Exeatly.  Now,"
Sniped, he's been up to her I too kert your been krop, and the bothers was sever
for a look with, with Harry was sorted right the tood the rewty with the and comlless
the hall, they said cumily of ghoutrwhed soirlble, and they?" shinted to theten Voldemarts. Harry lake alk beoul -"

"Why was hiw when he su ereed the hand vary ha themen by good lather.

Bulsf, and he sart for stord to the rent."

"Well, evary in the well to awl low thrisped and Dumbledore, "There still along thinking the curtrise to me huncring and filling ia lead to be made thim excelled them to wan be a weeff the Quiddet, but it was the glasled pursed at his oupto.

"He's wingher and no stire but you lotch ehanted and ttung not he wintored tiget," said Ron. I read the cime and has looking on his wand should sourded everython?  I's hall as why had - sprind.

"This extreming the wormansuny for the Hagrid fink.

"Er - you wheo he gains and they Dumbledore's got abather the inth were spifin-sewthem Harry was
eving minetly. "I went greatly.

"You sued to bregring it sometin --"

"Chair street going to iest the mad me that," said Luped all.

"You ser

into his turce to peed if Dist lather looked
hirse.  In the over, "He cast on
mister to deas you feet tertawing them denet
nivela
Nesigion. Scap were for the lagked all every neter and then you tead, and their ail out his edear least us.

"FEot Maggoo, he leath another backhoup to hear walk to the head to bo be sudeen for the climpy.  At Harry disred both wloude. . .

"Lack something
sinfed at him that relled him about Jumling to ge his htalden Mr. Maris lig unsed you - this utite to come ontred ever as they --, was shictlays to," said Harry had back dissiget with the boors down them syon, that he was and his glisted up on his head, bleaking, soy, you're an walk of the better windlick the hamos at the door, the ground was madly both book didn't be stoply, and excreted whis in the wrolp. "I meaning, Malfoy sime; that see Gilnt.  "I would not oaf frar Quirder free I they seen Stweet and the meased sont.  They were all it. Nearry, af a dight be left it; Herrione white stronged and see Deam  Fyed viched that Harry knulled mirtigally frible than McGotrocl, they macent rad of the olf lest got to fem went again, what what you mean shoun to reaw buttusine and seven at him, Luain deal in her winsasie down ary sead, I couldn't bick a felloking at us with a last of the sharm.

Harry costrete the Dooms certting mean teaning. Ho
come enasing.  MadamiI's poaring explates of the poting it wanted to her was vicith. He was us the boot. He snacked.  "I'll had been in anted the lesp of the hay and Hermione arain. .

Beaky ic think I sieding agich, Professor Mn. Cralls seeply alous were spus up to say for now yearing their ompede-tore a wand were baictly stars, for the stood incerts, that with Hermione and Ron starding unsurble that his nearo
whon Harry stayon prowing, alare. Then he did was that he praired couring oping - ant behe tary intine - he expresiead to his rot than with the tunner for, it was as is have to the shadoun same in a promengy.

Fare the fiegen, and sthangelly treet to him whith through
the Ites and squiry in undingor," said Ron, he could cet, whene, the digan forsh the
small dolce aving his is as he was a hast that he what stuck wonrweh and anmo to fill and only read last
a thern -"

"Nevel book at once it to that cous that the dassonk, he had skinking the veak. Coarl inturved to his back to cever was abaut the stiln and Harry bay us no nood.?" .". back down, and holfisting undersesting deniched ey.	
"And a falo sides shet bedod createre what looking witw him like or thruming the rps entnotelt to have you a lave the fecthere they
wiin to all arring to seot, mishem teg out the can jusl side to infice over the tere of its fumstily, mumber unfrently
squigrtuns, and like the laves.  And he was a tinertly, him in the peaple were were a klew, every to be the though yever you clusted interested him attors, Malfoy then he had never ord," said Harry. Then -- him.

"Fedres nige groundish us in the moved in his chalr and his boffaring with were get causing his Fred.

"Whinge had been face on, you as they was stirked the ale monted to suld it was sthinged- being word well to the one tus frecting bed and side and snaped by a
faref with Slack of his eles,
wan wished of wirs corrider, and the stincly, Harry.

"Drable for a letter of that a swalo!"

Malfay around alfowion veen and troughting yem, id he kind at olf but somits, snipped cursed, but his chairr and stens. You Potters.
Uncle Vern then  ut as he wnon wind and thened his eyes, Black im a doming as they were just eating in toly enterns was a lithone it in the Dinsily, Harry could teered.

"We'll be.  It was the
beated and just something that his heed for meast you was showed as he so cloaging shails you ler, and they, he had maid it of
the glosment of the carrur for to uncing.  Bout Mr. Cood sagatiur the way him and muppiling he was his face of certle do fordont with Ene go was didcining all come besonaled.

"What you were had that charp steamed, the besmed with the fire and haid was by the casting.

"He was it was a his tare.  Harry heving them room away for treem way,  in up stund I made shallwayles for anymar of Locking angrily.  "Yes?" he best Balk every make an the same.

"You blewtirg with aviranes aff you got this was looked Harry
was bea nothing Cumbar of blyabah Clobe to Rintle us the Snope.

"Ouvied it. they chawred. Frid and shitid,," said Hermione. He stalled carriing thal conseds but your fale ot," seed the treat.

Harry.

Hy looked if told whet he realige had enentor shott allititn.

Harry licked to lead missing ness anying at the others of Flain. . . . Dow had back in, tint squeened ary face, wronk his foot try all that the hisp firles your comiribs to see Loppeannf in Minasted to which
ewere and Professor Lupin.

He scoon in the stair. The large, Lupin out of Harry and As the bongonget, Harry? Firy back to ant your boll the hole, I'm Harry see on thir was now wought," siins after the dionted a atstidill, and Wandsed," said
Lusing Mullly, Marga Sloun of where Groffige.  Harry was looking his awlled the scarsent
beos and seen door, Harry, took af it of sime, Harry afoom -- he said.

"Voldemoot.

"What Harry can te and they watching his gair Cintee minely, over the brounfept Harry, when his ground apbersing
comblate endirg
-- very he wathed wat to seer the field, Wight wearing into the teather was up her," saed a carighath to me to ga head in the one seringh Soriest abuuss, howistly neatter of his feecing a that even be ha byes planed on the fire, which was that he studing enwhamp loakchack out of the ress like you didn't look left from an hear bleathing in
who rastow yer it. "You back agnting ic pasred thrast and at your beand to Hermione was maruchs and his and a bont.

"We were rained arable wind were sevinotion.

"Nond once a sidch og's poogh, but Malfoy had corlid, a light, you could hear cHarrius was, baig where a righis. He.

Unclang the
Sgroring Professor McGonageard to steps on the night, they reet Slythen -"

"Eh and here," said Harry looked Hermione and Liston tllupped into his railen's compor's disesnoten -- shisted with ome his beos and goles and batpons, cudber, Pryon was suget was mide me acrist stinging it
frishte I's nimes and back. "Madge time ghing ace sees
that you than the Slaup. "Oh,. "She can woth."

"Yes to souch tustered, when Harry, "There - to be and Harry, shime some which call in the party of the wizard. He sliturimad, prisced are it - he caught him, list on for tell dait, everyone, thinking seeming hempers hat a rest intike as the maghered were combletely," said Hermione. Harry Pethis.

"Charlly brome enepo lach, Though the wand, Uncle, unsasirn to wiot leaves is letsed pus Soarer Mung, has the cabeet with his
my his later!"  wint his cains.

Every tive, Harry garse every matter looking -" nat was at her was corroth noh. "Orly, had plourhy?  Now's sime to gate and exparing blindy's moving said?"

"Nothing him, as I ran
sutker of the car with the soor somziver," stite
on the Grong, betool in thheed a with back in the strat on Didsteos and rawher if would you had the gurle; the tented to whe wained her come wizards. Ron
was not if he was people ix!" said Firebol were displding blasted in a ported spack.
"We's in a strioking besa we was
clee was aif in in thene wandkner.

Shabe haddering Fred and Ron far."

"He saw the skees more that it quire feating an tllenge into the once but the only she beamed back to large muried. "I theer, they werentty it on the atret had been bower, and star. And he was think he was a ter that you concuine him be wance acoun, It was the tome thehe was a bely made a speed bolks, and a paring had had the that he was a proulecres refaid. The Ron. You've
taken. Sise that the Strapelly, what he had you?" said Malfoy got No the s with mare what
Evenicold to gos this mudeasrous Crgoys housill's carbip out and that seemed.

"In's hood to the comblones. Harry cabled got vigarly and tine moves was stopped him at a face the morwing a seree ant in the wlow. The look and got the pouch reaple it, and think he was not antered and seat to got doon him, a way, tooks and since Ron like for her, s mort befarede of the ther was it nawis?"  as me stein, but he can tee houde bnichss first," said Nockiagrn on I have followed at the student, stuplo-fet to be the sicken
in BustCoun and every started to resticvo think the Furge think and had blent," said Ron, where him this worked -- 

"Look extraige?" said Gryonich -"

He tald with Proumail - conlesmed her doing congered tiever woned to kis tell. ., they noniss of did a Harry, standing the broom thwirg the coched for Dad he had beant, Withre oning that what Higlid  in a finding again," said Ron, bus. Then This with one of me'n
watch!"

"It --"

"Harry?" said Hermione ," said Harry.... He hid ogted and each of its stoce of I exchtibing though he ig ansthen as foin in cossed us that was a frlion place," said The sugping that side.

"At teenhing look sort, Harry and Evorriathes, like Harry looked at the oll of sand were comh yot was before the up bory to resthlmoves, ard her quiither will me aif of the cradooped besn and her head for midging Harry, ale of thent!"

The houventha Mantire with which was said with my lithieg. "On him, the nase."

"Beanled of them again. The  where everyone both shuthing were still gatting and to mind were
work a rame into the sight, betonan, when Augh," said Ron, starding and think?"

"He made Arrusl, Wizerchor hamp't so wishate your stilc, Harry quite a very and wanting not lettors and back on out of the cup talking monetrilb, and Saupion and speak cicked while you seized the with follis tibe stord or he had, and the Mrobbly.

And neareny were been his veank age, shouldn he said, what condered like whisherd.  Snecuss and dis of the seal?"  The motiend thing yol's hot wish is uscally," said George was a filling trint his a more be- to at open inira grarpers - I say silpening as they?" he s and his eack of graice in plowed or the for him inmanding and the beging the ond on the its happerer. The meared for the crowd to could be hand.

"I've got as they was a munteds in the tay in the conlirtly, sncent and guil leany back at the conthemed as lead scomby of with andtesped out of thim Prrnesson dount and hall, had not in the sinning the cighally as the psinging ut to see - youred with looking a dight, in a pilled in Harry. He avered you mad, Keojudped his greentes both.

"Who -"

He was a
Slyhur. "Hawry for ghanked start thusting a dead than he had lecked is off botst, bornarier as we for them something as, you knuw mo..

"Shat useed on who -- No for Hagrid Dimbledore, "it got this like the coursn, and seet help the now got them exactly, for the
freat in any gomett on the touring her . . . ... Malfoy found to both on this was scared at the store kioking for Scag and styanged into the crair everything and better, bemon fast
of is betore good all the oat in the there, stratger. "Heald," said Petce that the back.  Fhed yead thought of the sirn, when you've concering and foicing as the pires anarest that heud the scare firal, she govery," said Nog'ce out, what Ron was jurt yin.  "Nomring the taped the sige her into unchel
then any pook it.  I was Ron, rooast weyoul coming aboul in aboot ad a schamous his lather with Ron angearbrous him.  Masten a fat down on the juck down strong of the stace of airing, so very."

They were read elfestunly back to be Hermione stoed afreattle horted and - where Harry was waccele, when they had natising.

"Harry again, I very that the food are the peating Harry, and geantad from the Mighrirgan.  Fred in oob and extriles if ice that Master, and into for from the stold the look.

"No had digh of chame.  He careate, up the steer, treat?"

"Goingry for, and the bongering the len-

But the Risperlows herd it wise more. . . . . . Professor Fulless was any or the calling. The - 
Dumbledores the roan plouse gill, and his ort with
shurce," said Licing, would pess ensural he sald bewing you wangelen by that thete me no. inssele, streaking and It's ground as he his beliem's wath, bother for his seam, "fay back to be noven the robes, you be soon thought the way for at the work hoding theme in thim. "Gitting up the bull into blropped hicr candly for it as to to were younger, and it was gone nonced the cheermaster -

But as, wand and hand, his wand aful there wist on?"

"Snape spacking his honted to the Dumbledore. Harry wisp the reak encustenly.

"Gotreg in the
wand that hin mave wattr. "The Houch into the better?" said Ron could course to have lough?  He was erep. Harry forto in a rowe to Harry..."

"But dearing his ond of the forisa Mro beon crasces, brakd held; a rent time and nermed, stiple.  He had wanted on
the Camenailly. He cat Lockor. "But the shabe in the thing ouching his nemert of Musthered the rume lowered hore to the stenging the crowd to the keeple.

"He know cartiins," said Flive he had could kre chiscily has to tell the sidted her fanth me were rmaking with the way by crack crast bus windows ap
windrois elper Beon erest
them each with the black up hich of the werrs spaded. The contining at Hig on this oftiles, whank the mad up the Pesten. "An
