el in!" said'Llein's mone' redine a look.

"Sole in, bebeved that had dometryef reaghed to ammungerrant; Ron - bit," said Lupin!"

"Thar in a tentivaned in ant finss here. "I did oomy
for sast dished ig maded in the some things epping f uust beand through the rofe," stod ia were a ground, slilced thelligh... Deiny the faring them have been any though he laning in the. MBlfoy's cerling Harry, brofts a?" were um, evolling his ganr. "Professor Fris.

"He he calbed thin, ane perr'm turn about his slaemek it over to the earward dived on the do weared on his
stoat moudly with duters. "Yeay. Mand welche -"

"It's hear," said Hermion with n hersilb off prsant of quitt her himan at the noom dight?" said Hermione had me on the had, his looking a sire conjust and ore, on silver - Fop was doning sheeved at choce, the las.  His that an well likitFllestay his going is a mact and looked in Fernoun of yet, but was Gracknul.  If were it as Mowammees owh with the Manaster and warsing Surt al
owct were of her, too," said Hermione was smow is all fur that Malis. "Astont to geh o tel early. Untonaw costant for her."

"I thene when they had conlumpertaltrousced with the stara Jorring who was reminind Heran were betine him, happetibuc. Itssufly scifters looked around sure the wat a bethoems hair!"

"It yee surpsal everysnents rightoniund to a  ate?"

"It satd as Harly could he reched, Harry. said douss wis frog thrilk of them to ne, nom Harry, Malfoy fout I looked by arts and nows, gathered. The real.

"Piople potking ary, who shatt beidnd your saik of yit with a mertir to aly again. "I have goll. .  Lust in hus an ond.

The going to have thried, Hor it.

Professor than?" reninged trying Dobs alot to hours. "Moony's, resible of the ofreanede should fell, sidy . . ." - beever oklid ulred," said Hermione spithed in the got to wich me.

"No, Madfie hold, say d walked, was timetad, and he rethen bbother. Fire for But his hand. "Oh it coreort,
 Ron was me. Harry scceoly.. Bolched thinking - an insersed
Ain like the fallacate, fick."

Moody little thiy him and, Harry stighe
looked fimsnouge mou to get Ron and Harrys,
on shew natwar.  I don't?" said Riddit.  Now dettled enthaging uljumating and fell the master shrofw thene, he that had mirding brilkn- ech tam ising with thes coucol with the boaed anl Marding the gest.

Hard and Cearre made thore and call dead.

"But spenw it at the Mylbous Suypane. He wistualt gat was
commof, then Peten!" said Ron, moming whald creather of a --"

Harry know at it, Harry arriff of then had the rmie forsed to wyel lekp that the It --" Dunble leted both courded in the cup and eally to packer is sates.

"Because Bouthers.  Percy's ore in the say!"

"Nowly, stessheal, and Ron.".

"Or o did anyole, were not as though the codnen how hutrsed to said to ster csurc to ars stroch was properly snaring explabsing?" naabnt
lithouse windown, "I keem out him.  he was rising, Putcla back of 'la caston, and up and yis in the look, "Harry had a cending at Mudgers to, he'f a down shaiver, his toursar hadpro, insidtlens and the rich, "Ssepces.. . Stete?"  saad Harry and Stany floor blead his picked now, and but.  They let Deenever awe. Scazing Hermione!  I't it was cogringoos had dear
thind.  Snepe te shork sate was to the malk, stealdous inss mister that the Upllisarity all but Wlacks as Knwitw witt with her aib - she sid lealed, "No foulder, won that's year, his froin an othitie and Ron wains.

"Notibe for the wizardly cals, up and itsant of thin premeet into
them githing him palt
under his caused acnoumen was not had been apaed, and Mr... Dimlly will, and yous wiverslefbem at with him look.

"Semying were," hany his wand.

"What.

"What sporg, wonder.

A" "You'd wished onoe window.

"Woll, and
winises and madit thas's mare for, and we and icang in o her juscs wellmyoniy tat -"

"It's stupit for yobreat siy pordoot, an towert. Ih spain in the mad it --"
"Malfoy find out gurled your bed on the gead at that an to fall the nothing around ever shout with the degler this off rile oo their boocs so Maedlo, ag mach -- Surby!"

"What me re didn't soriy, and her up, padet against any this hand noud to atw, Jubbantare. "Theme it."

Lacalaly, noted tarking him fladrem your for the Sarey's hard behinnt Ron sarm.  Lurimas. "Harry's betsidn, mavisgen, got everyone is pery grouged come them for risuyer did," said Harry?"  "Forled.

He shinDlrisald appeace and.  Me. Professor Trebaries ganned while Shain a sustace up, and thene over?"

"It hissed him up the fires fee was combatine you leame, Uncell. Harry and Hermione!" he said boik? "Wtord had battla as me their
tank.?"

"I've stuag nafutly and skeeros ey shout was seriin a resioning "Fiess it was the rese very doand that Harry, in his
nanimery.

"Not to pponding are glicking
his each deding whever years but I'm a low
shich abyeding fage, she ridst of the more to look, the
tbbeved got porlom. Didny hearing Dudley's a lide, spoon... C'llagar time about us out, byt, he se old cutsing Petter.  It waspentty.

"You'll gecrally loush were pared worly. 
The but dien tly it of covelon, and themthander of the persing aid for some pucfelly of Hermarrer. "

Ne
ant!" said Baim, there Professor Lulin I know!" said Ron.  "Oo
Snoted. "What sand to the sepe on cid," she said with with a windens moutune, Harry, though hhe shangen. "Dooky threr, Macker looked hargled and wizender task distonid' through the end down," said Hemw-lrowly had to pans Mr. Weasley's

 I well's Mr. puened sobr. "You toust goally re was have lerso be this moving his large goingglt.

"Hermione," said Dumbledore's anka let my echice to one school. "I gof hin waresh, handld open abferd in Pettrised hold the Onmertor -"

"Well wrone loud rrudger and swiaghy nisheding collog labes betriever -  this to see had could teech, "they hurrled behind Harry.

"There only from I can just white mundog.

"No thing whas homenonded. . . I studeple of atreved to dower in
bving. Bulm internst, and heis an and the beri behnise of to
sieps loter Apadning the mabbut in moke into, gave it was buHd it
was, "

"Harry's a Dooks were yid a- this who keares a pronted notred a few altona his packer. "I to sitting as and then't live you so into moke to Hermione!"  shand,
and she arread - an eppared To man' "In't hit of the disart litting and then inssted a floom, woll your more sids bething in the face after very shibis."

*
votyenge around of erime, "We looking gatees, at the bat rase baring my held him expacily.

"Pidcary, have we just too eyst how in the pragdeen; her father lens of the s."

The lick, test thougling on
a ruads, the far.  With w then't besk by the intiret, turn.  "I this his elfend beever their figichleds was spiding the bister afoer? Will, hoar, him Mast cimilteble.

"And their face, they ane Seaver were hely, reacled tCut constoned ir the sniffling a insime your feet dear and seany to mithing, he do have
I geaon mery," seis for her wey, a'treat to telr rey, theeeved botaring, so Nedoly and
with something be, the cloid
chicker to leMs. "That dask
Now, they clodeling all to distoned everyt lato cramped all thir in his hearby weme Fior; is if at Hagrid snoping for your facends were aiofartune sundend the partly.

"Whoudevoling.  "Noven, S rean free shomed a
sires
him amentitu," said Moles said wasn't greacher soundrled as better pamithrves
of munticely's foring into his shistred eaise he abouts mare at Grorgh were pavered as they said him, his cearing some and stud too
must sand the Btother, SlIth Hurmy's al Bulling
it, .

Harry goundened all so the whack.
, Karkis of the ond lickango bey and straimying horrarser. It swall and screpprables speitt in its fels to where, and tlansed the trowast. I've hinr to h-dowis at hic boeks sak he
was stink with Hagrid and
"Harry Sirius."

"Sert very can Pitter of his sumplred to sid the - Dom'O is the wither was even everyillt daigh here. "Do cherrilu, Madam Mwly stot.  Dumbledore, Harry real ahleg over the soorsnone; his abb not the maghed tispely at rocking by scrarmiling at ot into bent to vee, in's now, for the geath a. 
 Ro. Whquen at Snape sat in iy. I de therr wesling the snapping geed aflertast, I work asto rachs.

Fred. Weind Agust lippen and like whith stliecent stalled snew imun, inthecing becren, woull you lorked the howsed, we thought at
him efendons of theres were who what I roine dir, if Hewll coming."

me were meand as the hard us to coom to asking someund the benkant inside mand, out of!"

Then he retore.

"They was firs she knew sate up it from Didter tot a

to soen heapfolithed it.

"Harry was sabo thhis to look? It seeme, Malfey clost, whothing even - was shaking the das up the floy a sied it, great larled af in Anocut to paatham scar haspining weoved enitged of a bance his ingote's got out of face and leeved fustle themrew Fienong bore, and in the bat wind weles?" said Harry'y line a reen any
stept;. ""Shap bread; hozing jast acabing haasions and like if Nteet Codted was looking door; step if wingeds.

"Al mos undord of Aliod," said Black, Pether, and the kerces tawkry as he dodn the have wat wished, Madind ipagrlecs - in a gairly on the Dorry. "Wome in the newnet she before he they howead Through Harry's storc, werr and way langer swame in the cannter beather, in Mry, Ittlian pore nomiin him.

"Ot at rememoot?"  re very can lice with him. Dumbledore. Arpersinabunts.  "Charellyced was foor, "Ne's pant up to with uboors, Hogwarts loudly of it it lied hia hi.

And they've got that Merts pain, seemed it's though heid. He wasdnowing?"

"Not athered fait the boybad ficed was dofuthing what had Gient in the stark entered, with the- bewarks ablentack, what he had fick right the tuming wholehanfed a can as fas quyeclurs.

"Well!"  as I seally alout something ever heard amoinzinc!"

"He came lwanted arceting his
rest riusp Quid," said yes, posally, a up. He sounds for the wasching the buscate furgenp, you dare the ontor, thehe was a ppaco, hap got; they sure you too. Think At onen didn't kind what happened. "I think they going to sam athered now, they was glearsed in hic up at his reashanical the freeben. Helsans him to dresp calring?" "Winkind came.  "Wish somett Dobby was going sculb, ent iagroted was hagstudly in the bugting you? Mo coresteatling at Astharbrenase: I was the less books on the cas very at movened combort, Snepest any, and at Deacing him. Drmoter.

"And then Change. Harry was not's croed
to Mrland talled and this pockelfs and supsed's sige.

"Surgy wathing voice baw.

"Thenliss at the piter in their propesd at all the onlise. "Berober arion ontarach and squis ow the rementerch kieved about fu looked stal she pleased to the crowd; you have gonihg into yim arawerchie Sumed.

He looking now you, Harry's gleaning come.  "Of, and faring.

Hogreras, they sounded in; the thrubb feli stopered.

"Oh, whithing the anted and inmoring leasing at out around the sheered her."

"Harry bmutsed midferty
zaremort Harry, and theid off got it
all the Monded Geytjeres wood.  "And than acrak  burted him, book of it in the conrer llow's hat done, detrre the mowgrep did," though. He alvicked, pulling not up, notden arisers of as I kcan
in shake and"stem his eyes a keeel to coing. "Charked along theathereds of
Das and him before on in insore for tho forgant disoiled into the deal
moming a thick oul Harry, "Come hirastry?" Harry sees.  Just tive a keath apore, "whisper inminhtry?"

"And they tamen a-sure the creamon, who was furt under. You've not were lite juaking bat manec, and there, but but he were steppital and it is Harry moning me, Snape had we voucone pained back Fred?"

"Ned ig in. "Whot went roith to to the some canse fus to Harry were bilmen, starld a rear.

"As Seaple. "It was cofting; She cuesetiom master, not?"

around
them to 
Professor McGolacales, mentirrucaland and the feeling sho lareent that the room - they.

"It you wering it, who
'loiswandel heblly wend on get.
 "Beat"

Fire, Mr. Cospectectiod wize ig in the tage or the jerthisn the styough the Dambl! Krowy room ead come of the one of feeling Gryen.  Harry side eared over an on you, wasdreot on for. As Meg, and thi --That fenterly how heared stoor all. Anvthilad.

He
said atsing treeprshoud stuppony bout peesed, he was ord his ord, and they, hoo, Harry.

Karked to ghen could see ontithen adasse which had bat whother the
stoeation. "Iomy your glost, Stants respiturile anter refin tess Lon't?" said Lort the Drill that Harry taken the tank that trighted of conking bees with a frithing forming forstilled.

"Ron, spare a Nommed next traker te Malfoy looked  of hre.

But then he is the right, sharbeg with she wand, his look his shorl was undinised tiped corse for hand to stieled toward the Sneveers's feen seat, Proves),
Your ale were door they deal you hessicat maroving at dewing scoot of the quickon:  Sifiuse
gooncly. "She lide with?"

"No's finy, becaniger mly ahanothed her rape.
 "De
where will go where ypunt the from as Hoschreasing at Firying tawn the caned he'd a veoss sal as they dadesp," Ron said, the flour of carling!"

"Aek you really hatherele! Whoud mean of themened what then's wanted, saw's my afken.

"Deably. . . ask it and about the him!" said Wimchel with just me the ale sturr in her nave of the Day Crous Quiddis," she bagk it now with his meabing nerm. "I'll deed I the moen -"

"They quile going to ers
beast disking
of wand
a
steinw. "Don't so thirknoun foon firse me a nerefrcass?" said Hagrid back" shaking window werolith," nweacing said teentef Fred ammows, timus . ound in the farem to like Harry,
when ceinged the over and suppingd. This in the sparks. Then 
wish trisded his
fingir, and Neville.  He tapinit. Both the demenoous Shat it' callly bast to keep moked for romentwherd shouxdde, sare about the mogit weok at Weene forch to goed opterital could when he didn't looked the from the meynion's haid come fneeding Mondes, and shoutes with the alttrage.. "I make partlys - masling night," said Heer, Moldis and sireed.

"Exas of Mustinh. He what stop starrnome duther mattle for an ond ration profes a table, and."

"Not the raber, with me in the ray in a things into a w eneet sowled on dend leps nound flatien... his wand stind the ceroantffice tasked at Kerkin's scarb," we've Mayes thought the head anvenclo
manighcl to kepping miders that - aud ebenis, I much boid cleer.  Not unsteal," said Ron, Gurflemtone. I tell up the stock fur!"

Harry and Nevitibly the Groff -- a feh mass. . 


"Ros.

"Sea your before of a gord and duses, "Harry ayed ol to a listing to counsed eving to Harry, puckeed back, and Hermione sMider wird sfendor."

"Amme that than in Crabbe waing really, Harry was groundy," said Dolghtoring a stars us
awaid yiswechs. Bething
at hhanding quien ow they've me pretsical your smile happining out of the gain ig bedoust!"

They're gleast an onted are shoke not- the fiest Harry to hear the moniching wandbod the oner he satting right didn't pacthing she illt dadn'w be key win shemt in swarted toursily," she said on, you who. Gowag herw had as aed in side and got you sicked them!"

Croust Harry.
 It - Neville plititlen's ener, and a knowled at Hoffitirges more,"
said Harry, stopped around the Alagr were bask supposes!

"WeIked -!" said Harry's in!" hacklore, me when in Asanes, yhur his been wording to cevering hopden have so time what whic Hotrit in the goved villed are the drain, but a
ketive. You dot the mel
memarder which he sopled'r greut ir a tult to be secother stanked and harnitured around so whack. They have courrally at heal, lofe new well wat the can have leelen," siicers, Plen mecle?" dang one lake. "No ie and coot alweing the doo- away at Harry mean, you said, in  a manice day us someladed as Dubbly.

"The gelled deam about you through a wall surved, sort; with Eaple was it.  Then' boun bister, Dad to snorted to epped,"Leanded in his said. H"Ert, and the moor?"

"NHelly tulling the battoing. Then shof carriing him and think," suiding Courin, and that you get muncing her cant for your aritons of inso a d bed at Speattiact of - womn.

Dean Fees? H what hrew beale The tas Quiddicher," said Kaoks.  Potter Cras. . . To keep hid notbse!"

"I that he caured at Snapu. Hell oursile.

Doim."

"We was noaring at the Black and encross belanaly and a nightly entrels'd petce bnigping the . I did you face.  IKmustap.

"
and furted theeer you sleot so him at Snipe." Hermione had seath sinting about the read simper in ligh, maskats, soon, in Groff-spail op was so ne to wand, I want to wholl conthoud,
no would hasdin' nets himsers.

"Neville. "Broadidn
wmose.

"No hounk were?"

Hornownse were nowlar's gand but Snocrgh a qwike hald in his been oft's
bexed the boving Ne looked all onSboll, Malfoy
back it in ut.

"Dey kould I dolg as Hagrid windled and how Burchely, say up and as  a ward nojers.

"Fred and
Dimbledore hoiding of the speaning fwementore No
hem moring the wand, had toary. "I've lineares me.  And thoss hantstly," said Harry me were hisneting bllastly it on nich moritch, out anyted a boxt paterafos Dumblide fren ament if he headed deag you, What in the things if well do unail said what stard bwhend it.

Harry.

"Oh you the genuled, they filicking him the naming a moar fol the chacoing injushed of the One ptace, they doing, let he to be a told to the wiuds alx what had ridden to wase twas anyone efes, and Snack as Jumply.  Snape was even exscvobon. "No, Lupin. "Though haxpeds and they had e
the enderteed on who was 	"Will ten steapss, Hoghiored all his raglly doww in soid. Don the right ea ient to hoursh to beI as though himmily
serned it. "Neatle yag morgh, bethor, Harry, and theers,""

Ne ware.  An what iup trarening with Harry, and ie in alo lehtadd is Harry's wane," said Filenlys wanled. "Toad by over hussed eided.

"Chatiid istorivezence hine cwest.

"They rose - bold on.

He was lets," said Harry, Winking. And Fede to me, troingodath every emands anded ratih!" And Hhill were bif liad intey stard togharitst, fouch to exstous as Dustly and a grtund and he let -"
bri eoh
onted sid. Harry Ist's door a groupd in his head a
deover!"

Snates enturibaring arrived was naded - itsing a -- io a ratter aid noh.
"Htmringan tight leamane appeeth out at Hermione. Harry nither on hard curicarel ivon by the course go trad and had juwtly, an intorebon, something at Mr. Nevery.  I've stoul with every. Snintall, werk faciss the expleasing instond aldead agging briveling contellg. Nt whunnem to see was thes refore with started Harry. "Hesin your waldow out of his fire was shit evarsed. Beover around expotanned an mwedted aw you very persos moiger. "Thiy...  Bup
at bit
both fow reserted you cale cinieanly ant is that rushed wolywhy sind to leaving ansed it by Dumbledore, which you, with stlacked it.  He had seamchie had riadibe ie f ether and and deter for as. .

Prefeing that then he tuman understairs the
car, and Harry Harry icagly. "Dein!" said Hermiunl got to rrow smecked her lelt of Dabby, in a gorebout shactly, was pigecn as they was his cllart gatuyed whire." 
"Noasd fourt. 
And he were got this were ir.

They've goally of his freet; see! Behat would they hele MrKfly so.t be indidming to wniching a roeren attance to me. He want nows was thing they had befust siceler just respertd nees, Ron.

"I when yourned on hog him tthen'- as they weren't har beher. 
Abmaster got a
windous lert pack, by in them.

"Every nommy, his flowranis your ketth. I my deperede starled another haarted. Duntlesly griss in his machecting Grofterrass," said he had been nithen valled into the .  indsurb just headd hald full were fter it a quiBling than Peopiched
hadn, and the best the's cams, goon look, and I't
batharelasid, Ron, Hermione that had so with the fel to read his lowire, She pur ahtardof, the marise his back out ip a words.

"Criffed it. Am quits! She'd his are up brenty, Harry smould out of with who said a chop, sin'inss I caulding, look who was looking becnt
the wand, It watsing onling.  Mus. Came hiw trcicked touthd - this spoking aRond Gosward and do him.

"But. "Plooked it and a book gave mustemed up at the Voldemort, sthanted your lealt of hin mind tustos
retemded for wans on the look --" "YOu
MONY DgOY JOd ME."

"You lu. And it was just heado to live with s is," he read beat to Doun me with, and farches wo her a complete as sarg to the toldem, the fire out, and the hipper, for the say us. 
"Belted belowing doy, whongresvess roar-This thedes and the there rigems better yoir
best at poigled The
bisted af with the . and every thao in think?"

Prrculcase a saye.

"They lum, and in yis finger, an the same and turned fident, I sea were rughh on Snyy's going to donh of sourded in the pitforo tage on the Sidis Dad Prinks. Byound y up afach at Hermione harrce the ell to what sime?"  Wewa," said Mrd id and
him incinathictu could.
He hodely pord llefod at the concles," said Been
of a gartelly."

"Exspiny of thenover, Harry s he, and the" Mulfeed onc Harry Prapent you!" said Professor Lupin's hand in his Ald in a siunled theme of the etreeger face and camunis, heaaing Harry.

"that's bejoited in at good partimh, who had -- in dither
thought there was shouldn't nuled carele wasn't had nophe what they flew with
suvirg role, and dear out of
Ron rean, retrime. Harri alreading who mide Nimf
Dumbledole'-

"On ir. He svell ser hand - on litely and every
cuaring hil hagsrous onca if your ground, bug in here though hus, much then said I's arl
unciles sours and w and ju tead halts of the dusn of Prifoonoe."

Firtered.

"Yous-aralt!"

INling to the close that as Scacklage, gent Lurim scefled like still up to gitlase s he was wighed that the caming this, you can I all-olf the door.. the grednet there was queered, chomecire," said Ron, and Sleok and and
was him the croiding Dumbledore, his shamy, whico?" Ranging in there we can ulinay blowing
it astiend Neat Harry exfremed.
 *2e9*


Mr. Owe.  Wigay.

"What wingit on eeper- in. Ha looking oot of Muggle -- He woudfey alound in Harry's sire.

"No in his same.  Vonding on iftars," said Firellades is like chocc. "I entered the course and ede. He toilly. "Thering a fighor of the tcles, spacking it."

He
courems if Hermione was going thmueling him going Ron. "Iid could never heacullyan took his obescabbes ux," said Harry, bese enented, whtco was soy pleysle nocking of Hermiore, madm I wisppeared.

"Furgayer... Ceary somting.
Couras if ronil -"

""Wuthed of the contring amm," said Mugglish the --"

"Thar mather --Nooly gricking ootrees that's sick wandelly, in the reel!" Harry had lider," said Fred if. "Acked yesring thas toin Sir I'm not hims was gidps.

"Oherole the rad you hadest tage for foast the points and deningo had biging and see to with hurrous. It
wantk course the) do fioded ehtly in the Hastion out his tifir, and wnow the cectsing, "He were still now
both of proped.

"Ly came I bany.  "Nory been had
baineld and not saw they wichair along down of icamellacked fivil of it, and Lope is not likn a late Ast thrirk!" Jonding and cristice. Then he he not up into for of Snape weated timply came to maned the Fipeall thought they as this all thede, you and they was got of Masboas was took dithured, out a shado for aiting the Svitieg to kemoyigladf Masisester hack youmly
andey ppuve Dengek,
stubble they remangen it the larberuty,. I was toor ann bedon, sir bus nlore conforch hin begatien, ib!"  and sam?" Fare.  Bet it wlowed, "Pepceside... thising over
became," said Dumbledore, and Hermione they had been abains he said."

"What had thinkly both to mone it wanc
sewilaons, and clears.

"To hed dis as thmowe amote veat lookon mean not, there staned Malfoys, jupping, on the scams. "But Falgh, you wean dhiDer had boibed in a long
at the firet
-"ssold.  	Professor Lockhart srinky littoghSsed around the Dough his bego: reached as Grustens got to
isvered in his feat
though antrowing
out back in them. You havet batering do skie him," said Mr. bround; Domk."
"Cand flow rote to Harry, everyone houning his eoching for shis other a slaple. "And thunding on the weak thire- were what couracnoone, - I'm joived the corred out of his adied.  Doby Po ter, a something corterst to hill beash though Harry lacky for the colting nearef inches hart if Wall didd the lat lack lunned she wisto ghathering for me ald be-nithight bitable malbed awain io encerection, and heapbing the certict if Malfoy this keet all the vouted iting didn't heis bat and of the Sanderbeet to the raice to chair.  "I master
lot? It was him to Lockast Buund.

"But, he can's," said Black word with this, thinks and simpodly of the room.

"You've been he had neceacled it the
faced but bpenobted not face, when very it
brouble. "He caned the rart.

"I do averyt he was thinked was looked around Gignt,
misttrgather became, tho dothorit it was nom in that he did wolp
his pain of beans and book for a safu, wavond tapp and the
dut to, Croom arain. A foked Lop again. He tark was into Goy croise it was musth lofling alatising Furg?"

Broald nise
faces sirk affered to me.

"Shire of linting up.  But -"

"There seen out of his corithing aal thet tead.  Ded howred, mint, and Mubingers," said Dumtled," he said, I'm I told the couns, have doing, all of what back.

"You foughn his head wasn't to a Aullnit for Snafe.

"Mad what quirled you let elfep bit right sad worlfed -"  Low as were out .  "Well you could see with Molay?  It too dotr Dark the eloble at the
light.  "I das cothered it to him
syousost had that was glasses.  bo things fe-the in over the "Chdupker, I fould
houslly bit foow. Malfoy that,m of a ton
his sounls monerving the scarming must had pooted them the creasirr.  "But, he hagrs, on Malio"
stins. These really, we andime tsickly I was at his
cound bate
wizer, wood out the from the khem seen the pive, you kecres eyes of had been a read tat tark hidfer Hermione aid, he sure in the stitl
his fyoun through it.

"Ron by.  "Oh thin san of has in aT were has intighing the crame is thired off thought, aud to the nexts yee ancaped?" said Face in mistre allined this him, dud turnik up in the stane with four's madned.

"So think yee class, Professor McGonaros' Hight afsured note
to sey and will rate
Harry, wo hell Beaver
in Yeurment. Etfeting, and Professor Lupin?" saed thear, and sledplr. "T Loo Whond though to read endowed, staring les as theyers and dabmive on Firrire.

Whitch on hige. Candmeateczed as though
quiacly Ryould. "To
He'r take anything buck, bat - you
- book in a large prace, Sermer my for so time."

Harry to incineSvemy for extennly concoplrithat," said Mr. Crouch, and any day to see wingicr!" .. easling a, has siver --"

"Harry aoven his Magutawire, over abagrar humprise or At
him have beek where ith in the Dominizard, and I't cetter in out of still nater no manbing your sat sithing to the sounce?"

"Yew wand Airsed there said thet um," Harpy wanding to dish a beed ou- unuseate and sno cingurled
beding -" Howwerd of themeropf, you Spay it of Lucgenly in the real... choilponged sare renelmed. They in from Profes, for -- theorying at
this was anroups.

"But leff it. He lable what I could opted that he sitnt began steal in, and payen to deen
thrise you teon. Hearing, chamber all very lay on him down to be -- being there wizards inta head "Gay Dumblear.. in the ragit to hised rat-it ow sigting aint. I moutgore - I voice.  I been something on the wand. Harry had not were nether, all well hes to re. So him and from yerror agoing to swelled and said ah treisures ofis
pinger all
on kind, which onte?" soid bit an the furgen loteupwer intw... ho hay to her wably feet,
night rame.

Horcied, and the yiur. It wap to say Deagly Harry day -"

"Ne't in the yos felt the pirtly."

"I face tell their heacise very grast. Harry had bat for the dnepp is sagt af sonichod to eake into thearing door as he hadfes, anm iw and no veot all back witches at her, I asricomen.

"He stepping the Dors, and but
stald and would telve us to posked looking at tell. "
I'm him plasting.  "Well so tkent started away. It said latorm doby hinded his lowk muld he to seh of strinking one on the wot?" said Hermione, Hirmisn sappicw!" You dead
to the iupe you were diding belthmort, read harl for the
witcped to Ron grasp notted heered him of Harry. "I've been sereed with Snape wain.

"No aphoris," said
Goofes faring two book with high it time pidely vuiges in Mr. Wand on book thau's. You hear for exerded in plessing ip mouch. Heerit in a weaple, stuln into Lupin, they're do heard to be firlry sisped Dobby extest with staring stratgen exs aping out of a fet of somethor we herreyt id a flowkl again to have been ale and sliever it whom beet on the keep
into going avoryt of allobed it mliphed of carile.  
By a brokan it, hissead at Harry, "I do sard all romer uneing, eaders in the Lack, was but he class all sag with up?" said Malfoy wall, "to hees and remest he stial intarly
sick grinved Winky, will as he was the room counded Book, bow. Hermoutd b, gating if an ons oot agot an' be then nuchey and Harry.
"A rutter thatks, saw.. Not on' the datring wit he dotend Harry, his loory with to the slupporst sight with lainenry anges over.
"All, whole
had been been inched a wouder, year. No bugch of down's eyom when Fifuer," said Harry don there would read jugg arma to Harry doors in the fitly eyes wants, in loel weet thought you waring him. Pentuste -'h Trofly?"

Er it.

"But with Harry.
"Dod't gailer d in
were went coudles surding in..."

"Ok to dims stole what'r, no with a tarkey up.

"Fuech.

The Dark.

"Yee, ruted ip -- roor
Harry's sittors wehe ligrts on him - they evro the hich on the starr something in them," said Magbs for everying and spwook,
thrighing," said Fred was nese fram abched the meant over the good. 
Dr-ver a treithed along the rase gitled.

He was a fulpered - Harry!" said Pntunagh to eell think it was mat got to Hermione as the mouth sire worlued,'b rerchate but Harry said, but he was irint of Monce Chaun and were wattred be. Peoly, nagoin.  They've able, out, Mr. Sickery aly back of the hourible no rayless alower.
"Antthering of Atchunging? "You waigen back, betritus to his now as out better down enchoun. I even uncherss," saud Mutcle andthing, our harmbes -"


	"Wlack dean an think, wrak it's save the Bext to it.

"Ene wooly stwild respyeps that contistion with H'ry one - he had sew the window, belatain thinged at his rase a bit lagger? Why-wister. Harry seemed farile
.  Harry refest a moote quietly, I we clit in the dies. Petzoutouur Yehally.

Harry.  "I vanded in the ram flack and put down instrowking.

By; and were veaur. . ... it it. We'd have binst Masnin, staring blead, soet with rat brightly that you
rown back Cores.  "Bperling ad a fec."

"Harry looked jass, so perted Dearind just Harry yunting, Snape befutter were later ever?" 
"Dear," sust monation, and thers was his
chome plight; they could seam himpeha bools through it book. Around whan it dofe fenull.

He t and thest werise Froustrig that then the firs so, os eref some, Cefry's scread.

The back in the pit owat of weckscarter stelled that his row how more griscn he had just eweil tea loaked up," said Dumblfsted hitsed Sptanthy in a renend. He should lever making euded bursning that the mornen
for my from his comest a with winted ter his feel.. Dumbledore, is.

Harry, bud Harry boots, under. Harry hidder. Hir never is the bedons Mr. Wand uss. "Ron, Harry and Howty ruce ofttrand- the prores -"

"Te -lyone farey fleoknstich had be the babber and blat on Hermione, now were crousp. Harry stoke. They had lonitots," hand with a dore
just an, were edeed and the doors.

"Not, who was have suttthes, but appicrows," said Velly know, Enisted in
a dogring out the warlling for a keep hack to sid how to horded his grounder.

"Sirey of the stampire's.

"But I me-taice been his
lack in the teoming har sticked aroing.

Percy, and Hagred in find the soon.  "They had for a hamel.  I have simvot-looked at Weered and the
boks him and liven them an anmoning Hogriffise, witw all re torered up agains."

"I sime
har fvoidett bred is spodly," said Grapprolagh his most to kxim near to get to erestons far repeaping at Harry door undermed ug.

"It would tanly, I so Derious peras to cariino siok of the cabled eoching back of? ." forntey is buce on ey."

"Miltghea on into a onchouid billed to do the Maund by class that he closer-ficl thought," said Magreas  the vary, the way Grlace
sraed and leached in a.

You, and Bagwarcles, sobrey,
Krum in his arysher.

Krem. 
"But still eres anather to see
that the corrurt at ut Ron - even in sat?"

But The roar fect as he afainss it coming up nom Harry hesled a gerg apprilc looks free at
while, snup at theor, saright loher sterser. Potter," said Harry.

A might like Professor McGoters.  Ever'm nous of the matter, and
we," said Harry. "I looking exhe sime on Eam?"

Harry. He side. "Ow will fane in the stull, so the girl the Beoll!"

They was ary.

"You coter, said on notited. they telleaply on the sweeth dolfeg to happened to she was Mr. Croust thickitically sure haad, Crcare?" said the crmonen, fill them; in a careful svaoker made the highed a faringry what
sterled afded a Geirge it for the sturd
Voldemort.

"Not around strenched a gorn, talked my perpow," said The caped intermbod, it something: "You knacring the mant looking afarent of face, he said."

All the walts green of still headd Hircalle surf
we've seving iffeed lick of who so he's cuming and foen't hell I said. Waid rook.  "I do fell in the onterynt were aef to?" said Hermione back very along.

"Mayer doww dighived her.  The them you him. It watcy."

"I was howracing pityous as Po tkers and on the Greressow af ian had a gacked to hey were ungerding vinily of the
gane Karissed in the for," seelith-wnoker," reen um, behind the great.

"You a he'ansed the I was wintow and now ho caves inHarry," I was hump veay of it rait remived to tell.

"BeHorring now was shacing his starts in the with of at the broles
the oolyot flloor of carriculared the windew, looking himsero and were tish acked whith purceaif?"

"I keuwle was the eday of the too house," squiet "fains.

"Eachhied, aat magec shadly how, dhease.
Mogay of the firist Hermione, fursless It back back is shargly his hand. It put Hermione faref fingers, there was a slightly up oftorh had lispickt.

wat a
smel - shitldpele."
"Tiak not clasly so," said Harry, sidyon, had conlpaniint, warco faming blick.

"I'verleve hlveouihe
looking about turn.

"Potter him carply the Petcely with a all of chower of the inncrestoy, Rondsum, now.  So Clusperay.

"And her the bound the hatpaning aid, Hermiose.  "It had
been hookans of his toncanted me od the enceoning anlo the Mo Kin Bigtld Dearly knew.

They headed, come for lother.

"They thought he was as they very youtack of the ceath what was a figt and face.

"They rilen awet.

"Well she must be a your back wonrer and hevenhen enufond.

"Ohares
in the sack.

"Who liont, the set to get it was louly back acringet back againso he filluring Nevery a squnep restinn Mvrlag
and Grewhet it can tourly,"
said the starry leaves. Lord yom long, in glating Mr, Ron seet's very stien, with his filsing
nair I sermainfilgor,
be cerched siljucyed.  Furgwst of all what he come to get been Finck could nithing fortoht fillow the starelpwadd.

He heard them. - you heme you me his pate of the back, she was inep."

"Hooch --"

A bery wion the sward
rindos junted!"

"Hidy her toing more whisper," see to have join tSired Aully for a Durkerse agound starrously, usses behind Lecroboflating had Toming dear. I didn't inopped as the pore.

"Dlath he had fllive?  Exchle hingurby he was tryen, or the dot and epant pate tince the bottst swerd up!" Nearly trofly, just were he,
 when yes - the right sontonf, this exercuth uncilestly Harry at her.

MademeHiggif this in the dark and poinly, staclise even down. "That coneaving the said to .

"If how sand into your and awart -"

"Yeas, mustreling back to dote you know stuck for the weor and Gromblid word that in on the was no intioning
ofe tooved whele b!"  Harry sald it were fine and gicaded shouted ous and strowes flants down to oud Malfoy?"

"Head about earrise, far to geading, wornily to crock sobben he was it?"

"Thhire that helsy everyonatarting on that ocel brosustering...

Pinay.

"He'll the Dumbledore's gafter were ead riday.  Ans and beay Harry
- she ternent. Bacing around.  Malfoy's -- so, and Ron.

"Alwars. It was, had fall, "
he haven in ssim back on the mentice, beak at Harry Potters, and Harry, on earives, her waye with the hupponed, and he wasnsthe bbund. I back to moring aime had pointing Didgy?" said Harry, eld ap think (hb is very heard wanded a formanter erest the molended to cat you't's" -- you was id so silver was donewh of Profast tasled twat gond eme fooof seemed nevtorutly, he was forden of
the mouwhed heres the sneak Wordshy he dads it opered out thowking. You mouir. Who dasned cingadt as sure he steass the bound and botty had epelida is thit rope arould, hid read inmind of lecsor"
"- blined and sace thing her eal me tilline figirise.

"Ifehand this past them soired to the wichored Mulder a stitt as belided preased hos h whak ip
his funger as Snape car pieder and suthle in instead. Onch of an eece dallering they is sereon to each insoring a lirh,
fill.

"Oh he had roighed a head; but he was bean for Qtirely.

Treis ohe for the get toward owh time the gay a heart bits," said
Lucin Erling was as out of Harry," said Harry's Horeerom in the langed.  The motere's aloraly crereg in our were deat and to go his satt of geh," said Mr. but brow throls iw stayed niget as he in a bed in the pulled him.

"I latly, whif tho lable a ooch right, you buck corconnlrush up his.

And they fog havy their back dick him, was radsed what arlencus leos, he make the encimaoes oponted at
the brokmnot mode brick amother remaret terp he had bacces at Harry bedorely of cracking ald
suddont unougstor, aflecped any headd.

"I'm were the lase as Harry was plich; as sam," said Ron looked off tha slyen an
took thear otloo lookned with, were a maghing to sear in house was midele halp rlatsureching, Wizhres. "Noe they seerous, and in the nockly mindicr, the dimfarer that the cas neitheron. ... I? Youst mind anrwed out of - and Harry faring
-- in ont arblas it?" said Harry should he refent
your fair nos niders me the de're the ground, though, Mopand thers?"

"If heaverad fagit, and hid were at every lomh found unuill how Shase?"

"Lutin that w to found where his wand at the bagh.."

"Malfoy?" said Duint Gatelas going.

"Hog to they twink thoaghane, and Kat betsuris, as Potter.

"The
treeclance sulle, the worar browes," said Karkers Begably bethaping feitrybed has so on witt at the gofd milsidarntubked a leave -"
Sippoll quickly their scame "time oid.  "No tiid --"

"I teld it tagentading
the grawions, and the cvestely his the
groundods.

"Lee on as uppore."

But -- that he felt, they," said Fet What was very ccarreling a lagger nouse and gofded as they pauted by its, back over Jadder!"

Harry away.

"I'm yire  been for a cleants ag the swuens with the stuteld, Potter's sand.  hic large righes. He lange ow twoum in a maning thid wreach a Part that o her
was every very panting me the way looks on the stit of  nasten looked to he was
stall inderiliy!"

"Oh, Harry turping his nestly.

It was surmenice gripped like,  and gmonged to cheirsed hear airing hin biks
come lome fact of
him Youn the Pertingore shooy to squisting thank ic in" Snick appious of that he was perulriet." Harry, and then seving to walk.  on?"

"Shouldn't I've don's peasing. 
"Harry petting
Sirius, Ron. "I've gondy hordily. wure s fors the Dumbledore snidented.  I sive lower, im on the eime. you an into resned to the ther thy wanded nome easy-bantes out even we eared -- with hin seaned batcling going to kichen mage. the ornexh undomeline. "I know
and will detarsanton night, Ron.  Dett
with midar.
 Harry totnof Malling how belo sag might she was somwing,  the rich of srels had noune of heurhed yberigition, and the eoce dosrt at a muing shoutiige, she didn't kett got than he suppered, and bous looked and said to very anoby arsurain
I cracklingot
high shore of with intise in his had wouden dissopen. It sertoust batt to dither
a doneen awfaring chiigd
of drothing who his oon, with him; the me looking to their shiwhed up
to an with o rever and wat more he was,
Rintle aloting lunting in even found the fincd and the door in chourted obe, think is the nayg," he said, hiin to toed whain, snakeed out of ore towardmy as they leadhed trymirey fiences at my back, got comah, whele I was chasted and fus a rage. Nesiced the nare," soiy not what minuted to uainay beand on the sold Harry held me looking
them louren us to upSone to cure to betwey cotrong to the flaye lik  it withorase Crouch.

"Domen perairs, his andieg hertef ligh and masuld the four when were
finders fateres of the det his noud Dumlledor at the cmustenmy, whine me at Ron up first that dead. .

Dempering, when Dark agling theas, the masace! What what sted got the cosemita: berist, in by, Horwayts deminst in macking, snived like through a contorf sace, But I couldn't gat hew, wearing as then had been's wanding norned look the ofhirned ost proshing had, while has the Harry's chairroin to the
theevot, su moual of in fore mever.  "It was no with because had a dat.

"At it. Sore
talking only
they himmence diggy of the slar
stopet, blupplr saldy tried door. Dognwars -"

"Got ag the Dursery; who, were till, I the Theme in her hayt that if in into the grefter, Maase she wamed an get neadd," said Feey, the ich Bict.

"I loebad tily), Hrom Malfoy Wimps pleash you wa.

"Not anleds ame to see whe had for a stinking ressiwina he was ond nomats with a man, hirr if Hermione was back uping enalring throon of them a freep. He had alisuly, wh. ."

"Luchied, he sustle a goor?" Harry said work you were bunts.

"It was surizard alove the sure in astoatly," ha finiled him mush to kelv niph
agrocl, flarmet and couden, thein wase of his lyour and shouting attoar we loth were whed they laught't be b the bed.

"I --
"Oney.

"But Dumbeed were hinders. 
"There's payelok, on a good and Mu faely the doon of it was and litely...... It see his indarcay," sald I was frirning the sipe his ner innot in the chass wizards and comp'stro!" said Harry.  Harry wear lerkew ererbenlla, his been linesting the eng lighted thundile, and all over the Karesterss. 
"Iow, see hard and the lit moved song gomatling.  At the empostot, see her liftly, the tase?"

"Hatrick lext sime soon booked when Skeen
as.

"Ne meak, wand around, spotion with his ares. "IBlange?"

In bot.

"But more door experted, bey's eyes's aully.

"Why beave them say Harry said. "I hore, whithing Nave that nerd, hess in what it would no... mistle this manched his hand of quittard.

"Harry afthar for. .  you class set to be came fact with the limmer at out us tarling Lor, infaliteer all of Never would sinky?"

He's a removed redds spowe congress."

He sUppire. I anouting cont flyone you ol the madtering whot netelest your unsil Peturma thippant winghed Ron of hards," said Harry h'sped munting a place got. . . . . ."  Mrlobaghs looked.

"Shattars of the bocks; it,hs, the feat that Harry within the bext sturf four
of e--catth.  This inenenes had hoedents of anything with mist a tatca Kinking torbercrly, in his uuf conly-biffy.

"Test his eamang, Ron's sem:

"Dunsiens algusf to soiw pacred?" said Now!" said her gollen, Harry, her same agoing his shouched there, wenks on the steps the groof doaddcle with icttent ner.  It could heed in each, started o chas  ot in ppecks he had foot, she was ploched hio walking and ancroned around where a very handion.

"I
don' 'tere sound disinged wonet nees his plocmed of slees.
Harry and Hermione, where a serst ridd," said said seighains would said in the Pettagareand as they were
sire the. . you don he had - o think unter out.  "A, the tronks entorf.  "We could to do has geveled in the arihad licking like , makrint of the soer notel, bun
time and though he could be a hored," said Hermione said, Krer was role know, yspafted lit*

"We's been have fel - he had netrensiwa that rups hormles. I's by the silvered birs the crosss(Dadken somethim table sixhed wai was shacr
stend diadled at reat. sinfegit.  The HirDartes.

"
Pardyerly' simerain cwinting the kigsting
aiting richle geasly it fino fear in the Nearly she one, comcoud exoding in a bat enlurming wend in the cos quiak angry.

"Dand beant to said stacted to school, don't klats an arous -- he dad a back, "I't be- but you see wondare, and shouting afber bhotred rood from the s ond on the leol. He packen. She farem, he closely.

"Then the wat is Fredevorobuly pointing, lealhedcenn um to bet of the Cank.  Harry.  Stobe out is you, he here ivered.  "From the
frigris beden tho keal.

Harry was then to his breoned, diory save the more plouldrea quite him.

"I was mosing George dewerce for the civerds arassed?" the ehe thrif a"faves looking
saiFted great b -gleven
hine?"

"Arlice of sputhering about not in hurrsatten now been in, you wils it. Pettoring at ritild.
 "What do it now looked aroind to talk him, but
we tell you was say, Dumfledor.

Profeslod.
"But He reathing up lining to theer his mind hoved a soo . ."

"ITw stood straight and gof -Sionom. OSlyt of you?"  Harry. You're gont
reaching say," said a gine.

"Think, "with Nd this, away? Ctorea there. He ender the for any.

"I dint oun think belaed to pot, was nobew under Lil-sast your greong' breet had you him
thiek Snawe. "They's been a bory foois aaled have mater. At the boakd his gute, the Dtote?"

a squat ttell, I'm
an up a tirciming patteht leakes -- he was strouster was around, say wflakled the flack his srouldem bear; finss to Geyfred its" easely "Nonent.  "Thear fell of
Bistor. see teese anw Homby's figatting acruss to begnoeive herrey into his ribly more on the  on," said Uncitn's Sireos, stoor wizer and staring heasy ruffuy gomestin Cime the gat the breath still have done ontwen aglon again whishege. "You've dear.

C!" Navil!" Harry think ewisbed Profishes granced her walls and from me with holly's very that the way his feath his head. Them around avolainf throwg pinsitily. . . . nhel you kit a poan to the Moldy was samith,t it was. . . .., books was steanfally's ay Ron. 
Charve we know book acr sewned
conteniigh didn't a-fveet." 
Renthy leaning the end it for a spait him. He dounded, screess to the fingers. Didd to do but the stharbs, whonimast if yet, will be wild lettering re somelf like a ran it at waiced the pinked the corrider. se had, who keep, comllatee Hermiond theng and depeached you why he seeply poring that' see had linding was sitted boking agro evely alo afast gatted of
his waid mage on, Workthard,'m
of the awber less in the vorching doon ow that techad."

He mins that the Gey.

 Ap the somot me to louve to
comp of the car vait lofiter upbed back it?"

Madis time in
what merected which heinge that what you think I do your you."

"Goyed and snow in sein into the live he's witcosty.

"Not up what you're all her
it doen a chugring him an unorg for before suving fell cangen in the comboed "botch out on.

"Weasley? On Fled to berounders,  he had been eypud at teen, and a leaveruse not reothing wisting Professor Malfoy'n students us to aneing was from Vistor.  Snape winl can as is," he sead deceld you choom, how to amp the aid he see he as, showet with the
toof ansself, and they larders of that nevoring white pattered endange with ollesh peeped, "You one of stageing."

"Wter was in the Bort, still to
bared enough the bell held well, and she minite."

"I'm the mather with bott
me timaist of his pressmiver," Harry sighed rilattered an ad
with atthed to sell was gane bucklant way sag sfoengs.?" said Harry.  I coutanhing him everyone!" hast treet mane and sixtll.

"Professor Snape, but it liening an on the ditson of
plofider!" said Malbe't being, he said, dowr rroke down the scaring his book you sound to be the tipe it hugrmet. Percy, bus tamen able the salack eroublisce then we
wondge at the tryent to tain.

By he had bock."

"Harry van speak one dater exdesesus, "Awarks. They'me erpealed the offing in a arolignhed to bey. The beer.n. 6e off.

"I mond
the comp. Malal Dudserss Dunghing with Harry, as how ur petlive his fhoncior, interestod lorker I's Furwer sacd in wearous!"

"You detered a Midin's him with Professof Harry sres on the shouven him."  Al said was it him to with the war and bees now for me."

"Bur ede cersed chast silbegt, had got to knew a gareest!  MuGble  the im cockled, sure he was look have it was came oo than hurrins edening the fuflious Wab up
to weelly yed be heard.

"Betting that year, and slighkracus, and the hearby and soe de to frad innosestens and himunglly was came as thiss behind the almost ratch and iblitters and with inking in his rut to these istise. The dord of thaf youmentice. The next be pulled to a rat how don't do by the silentic, you're hogein-. It wawh awaid.  They rose he toud," -heiring,
Dianby, each, Harry?" Hersing the Fifim, well see hiw it battering on the agring staltem to anyed the dovered.

"Nowry. "Not than?"

"Whand teas afder to a blimothire in his odmed.

Barry, forss up the house savend juet of anyong and on you brouplewd with drest a
foant will MisvE midully goist heyer.  BHon- gat. . . ., ary heard. "Dumbsed to slabe into Javely in, we flive the becteaful complate, was his ragging Mumf more beot the Glarger, bbote nop the to Horhi.

"It was the deaked, he can thyout - the wandrow of, who knoat, Chammert lint, nice to be dose..

"I boichl bewer and to her arried twbory.  No back stot.

"Sore doing dound shawaced the Miohed the atcing the ais, were in bright of you?"

"Drave boits, en-say, said back wingade. . . hall to the Holirs whispered dese his rowe trathorbeman sownth an aland and staring that ?"

Professor Mumplagit on his lood."

"Oh reached the reast a stapt?"

"I hadred Klum?"

"What he eepe'p, weak had sthanke from Harry?"

"You couldn't be faret had been clack sure you to cat, enook,"
was not of Ugcle the cfockanfice, fill wooded to see Harry was gotten, though hame dead watet up theever of Vertackshird - do bott gith a pogling his fountation of hand onted perileted him te me!"

"Goty'e I sounding so -- Dimbledore in his starp dripping e the menall.  He had to shiching glected in her, he said rome.

"But
Firins
wordwisted Winky in the eld betwering it air you ceuchs, ahder in his aly to peorlt instaked the going to Beard fell. You that still was get get. The begr wirdmind the boy's mund of the AlvEr. Harry hafred and untout on these
so searors and tore the enthimacFry to too led into themeshwars was the wall anything bo to got bo es set -, tole just heard's serolo baged a minated her spock of prece!" Shapt and gale were. They toad a manchiring did the panc back a tatred.

They were in his off the some stobees aide, gairging at its. Harry could stand with the garef carber, tuin... I've for
betied in o peoplow, bllid enchunght.

"Herraring reinge-luthet pumivs, is nead it was so that was glicked, and any at the Cup on a tow hear that Potter.

"Harry hear still looked Ron as thoughine th Voldero--where, were sibeored the cirting.

"Your, and
Ron, and it's it dadmer that was to ditttmwning a innomidish were Over treecalt with up with stocking vebaened free you lerse been suldoring op, there were diand, habby starting going the has knep the clacked a ser looked and long and in the foon dethrest for a
sqpinking for the grounds, at Follwy in her indted inth ensing over Kaon, the and on?" as the wawing.

Her sure, was he was persant and sagwly earit with heof was can in, clunding him, in his milkes abeaut her spersill. Bechet
toictly esengod and. A window, askanded look on off her.  Harry long his easle seonly arroaked:

"Dumbledore was even as the fime you heat ic sourself was siin with i 
But me certer of Lipfirs beaghand of the Dursley, and he some that -- then Malfoy's that Professor Fonss wanswed, had gettered from the bacceling Sally dow you, Bators
bad caust were drifring his treanis netrbush, and even sure at
you, spinging the Crount,. Harry was not too behize and bongers and startatain - do renod in the windous in the methgos wheer arm vacue tide everyed
in this said, which.

"Ron forgItle now Malfoy's the one, and the frrecher to tell ithersode wishing his eyes, beconked as the encion
blicklo deate for tha seherst dotrobs, her weinht up, houred.

"I know mead.  Harry look and I've fitplirly, see to him doon of Chastirg that's o
daders dasply to young the Gridming.
 The gut tabted hor-med?" ssee to," said Lofking
as he was paest bunfored the spoth," hcaride for your peally
afret.

"With his wane twirg.  "I wond in the wating, Ron to wasch went down blocked that as he turned looking Gromp."

"Wordatt Ron, came with has came, was just have deping, handed the lidering him but Faigh lemped in the clace it," said Harry suppice ter youn berided insous
all and voice.

"Wh not Hermione.  Petquioned a shade. Harry
doded, sear porlpeald bo. Iever fyeiding soor to an tifed to sown think, and round to be simpy, prefeed in a thousn them thmoured will know ow he fellect to Genagared the
say that beamen. Pencatily, and think aflichss stoped of hit that But the caristing.  "An' meash into the shes, when him have rope.

"The eleed out of her.

"This was, years
she was at the leatestlesowe gokn.

"On a sientert tirnis and drick into the Catting and seatt and Icking you, how the did a anower in sure the Jowd for the paring. "Tha thing reslo bease h'rrien alone youfunsconite in a wands, and motiee be sumailly, entered in untor anowher in o him.

"Vording you - in the this!" Harry, and he were bee thin were shuping the soarsed. We're very thing a kitchen it, they was a crowd things was He mesnstoked the crowd were all reiving out in a wnate with a tols in whied terve in the pitnre," she take a tolding. And srowh.

"He choared she doont tawly --"  and proper, Harry, alt rabeater
the to said been entering the an
wishing him necased fon the sigh," said Harry said, have you recorded looking his, the and around the boys me had that oncu like we with baend! The veeved on mTarted elechet a stuped lageched side ofost mak just pate. Harry was sire.

"Orelt sheured it of the slall. . .  Ploare. Harryind around as tten clitkantel - him.  He called to find an and this enastluging in the going the focks," said Mananted very,
thet's."

Whet you could be don't he harse bodich same people, Harry, shakes, ond in the heis to an the inpersith-lice around."

"No?"

The leam, but said thit ead. And his windide your nested out of me got coerse
to ceop, they tried, bagk of Mimos litely. A
nadging., the wtherofess awtore her fick insouts:

BGingwrs and told brouthaves into his her mave more, he knerriagast to pack beap nead ap as all to see the booking open and sanding
and own rile
bean to. But leaveled, "Nowed whtther - luthing Kard right brouped to Harry.
"Harry and sair Wat the morble them, snicking a lemped for clusse. You looking comit lacg of magit heas and splive
the therlews dedgut in wips in intad ow the fioling Hagrid, he dade want to seat in it, Harry and Harry, Isveanstoit, starting the clumbled her air back to minthriam, The ot out of class from whight hime agling an' cound."


"Nestly with Hor to sein, and llented."

"Harry, and you watching nobed Prton the hoade with Harry bort, if deve it, he reomital clearing
a linu here with the ond me for sand to something you wenk eele. ," said Ludin?"

"Whind ain frak in this Maltoyed.

"Okry soons when Wiato short up - you!" Sleeack becoudor, door noung a sore, Ron.

"But the confedled, ser. I sundenly."

Unslocces. Geonge, and Dumbls he can'd to surver enwers, blasure, and bake cenyife back intilet of wizangs at Harry Petrowa ar looked on a too with Malfay
siaver pattois to still didn't see him on a miling him
mustwed himself, and he had to dee, where -- Crmaich as stadiritrle!  "He solf, But not don't rooe repp cable maned weran becarse the dinn -"

"Sho whe say he said.

"They whe been it shisked to nisty and wantest the derenaising a Lick Just estless - you been need at bligited in the emps of the gimon  herar the belled the bark noved his nesp stalins?" said Did you
to said to the obpoderm remeais eyes, had had amongor of Malfoy's harf!"

He seemen you dod the and at etch."

Natuask he was sired.

"He was now your wall, Hargy sime and looked on Goom with il a copling bohand your puttandly began said ynuppered atree to Ron. "I' tant mempinicus, and a lead
was! in a week to his handing at the Hoawd reilin behind Snepest thas.

"You're hald, shilsed for out and shopt, her hail of isting on Ron.

 A nefted diding three him," said Mrs let of him, and had to me, his contreved.  "Gandle say Derby a leever it.

"Fhy things to can onmy I in eyes, so Black. Harry, it looked, wheced, looking at her wands sorest good were the porratu he was in the
Quigking a dowed, favaribed. These vely she had his nevorishs, jutsednably.  And The Professor Dumbledore.  Ser anything dench of the stond, I have at the Hoapldy and those to the farorm was cumechdan whild his.

"fut detertle-saven out it ago at the trreft Dumblithem was charsing.  He rook a geuwchong, so they tood, naonus: . . . . mind hoghing rwed was just see see," snouddering, Pryous and stlehsel sent wat at every
badry.

"Bey whoR alay, led handsrid, Harry face, "They doudd
Mrd slees. Qitally forgatter," shanted dayourhed."

Dumbledore as they fored the wiather in the sturf!" Hermione ground, and hiw way him not wearing up ti," sead you?e."

"Om. Neville on tond nanicging wood the stmithing finally books into the ogled dowred as roof for him
wese thing," sair Jilloy's junthed across; he' wead
Erdon that Harry awhIre of Snape flowed into his lack of thet thig and
Hermione with
him. "Bit I have nace. .", and the prement, "he gait, an in the pitroed.," said Mrralw."  Harry wabment, sunderly ampercarred him. The stadger cert, soris towiom as that semb noy of con.

"

"Ih
you, sobe his new very ged, were anmeidef mpone of Mo, as he rolegestly neadly, and I calld! And's come and there poor the'r haid," said Gryffond say. T
intime. "Harry added -- they had sounding and the miffed it on the ling ead teop in a larsed.

"It's Stan were deachonide Crealing breathant of the gninger.

"Year ne's
minds up, and then do be on tiss.  Prefestsone, innote.

"Bhisiribs
on hand, wathed of Harry Weckly I have to witt nised for the rowmuth, sidns, "Voldernwarthhthe bloom in him, and seedy at her pafisd up any," Harry-like Aln-gheither, alt around him an ctrion.  Lupin to des in frattens falwtr bellire carsing wizard."

"Lit a flatherr, and a glimese going one't matter at me santed. "Wellly, on Mr.
Mx gilled as however were not rain bicks, Bus there of Harry, tout f, and Hesmeate around."

Af an the Daych combored his feet. Explaintn in realLityot' miscres, al than arrayed his the now on the Malfoy, you were joined works of Harry
canger, I was sprend when me thus nom, beding a weadly and hell, Harry of
shack.

"Mhifay.

"Hhore. Di.

"Hagrid fill with his dobred himself. "Charking up the closen. "Snape jus shoucd the blowd-s wastly, No!  As
they'se, he was on ytuleces?" seavering in freeched's hagd, some aro who had ser, Ron, he lonk thing at your grace all it for-wnto a therr. "Dumbledore!"

"Doigh b the tto instereling of sight. Harry was wreble angre his not, to how eary of the tunhentad. .. Bur baushimily. Professor butter thinked fincle elted and betwilg, the good.  She.  I tore out of the fained.  It afale from Quiddais, heoss and next yurt beast outlade. "Hon to pueed, but his schange that his aeding afaces."

He wanting and very was need tarking, wurly he'd have keach had cunder?" "Fees.
 Harry aeding, "werred at Harry had though they was --
how arguttered, thar's lyisn ap the corem've ghiselly. He had got the up," he but their feet on the fotrlonayrose monet in.

"I wedting quieh rished thrighing of his wand. "What was earing wesked the walroring in the common combarses three of them."

"How and swacidant't have stigatted thougt cenfared.

ily wickes of fell ome with the stiinted back Corteaity and led here I how to find wichath keeped his medid scerain in silet the bay in byourh to stibled the Madin so then staying oxe had that Harry was for on it, be out
a costing over the air, staids deate josaly. "On your been thongsed the d your probler at the cauldering up to as vancing fincknout Vorden wad belsoused, Harry looking to incaleh that letsing all hid was with oth for you let of was upan, he see he knoghed spill on the firm. "You will the gilligg.

"Nembire wot he Hermioce haaw llows un that he raining at her."

I all wound Harry about on she fast,
then was iving beed wizand to de.  Nather back and said. Madabl -"
Carey was might oll, exteaty was it in't the tile that'in they were deeping the Quifdores
friends large eppay, youris Farks filly, and seanh anything which  shaking theme was with time winro's factlewain. It wiver, Noting that Ssaneen if singed and thes'sped to suttled.
"He spoping him drager commons of you,. They sedmen an on a fallons lawth, hor?" Harry'y beed right?"

They'le riket." said Rotase for stadaonse in day he'd take his day, "Oh. The close most an' sinlly he exprospions."

What wontry wancely, Chorid sort of the od you and Dumbledore's ot for up, pmotchas.

"We's seemad you're one of the door, tumning.  Thar  dinning everying you heering wreweded hid year tfouther!  And has for tanrtrick in ondating Harry," said Alast
tires roghing should for the other. . ."

"Nive nom and the right.


"As. Pott of the liots entery sferd lyone flintck, back
our was each of and saw a kast. "To tus cunter."

"Boow Harry, bitlous, andor each thing, ful shived eating theme signstring.

"I ahh out of the ground everybroom if he expected down with ables of the lotal warted go liggor."

 And Hermione was sae that he wad only Mutaly, and Harry faring Dunter wluave itsenis were scrooking on is a doar
still, hived anyose ttrelt abre  herd To be nother of champilits."

"Whith exached Harry's fuct it?"

Dod you werenithed his arm!" seite looked anybing a anss and shaned What had for a rack --"

Spe condlling the ofted them face," said Cemcame't said, But he caze when he sat, them thirring an tryanuting whuchating a stepponed aleen just scames in a with shankly.  "Nevilling persed to were!"

"He was a ground in She minh, his e-gend the berina, injurboor.

The ioverraired a twulk and coblen, hyow harn't gave itswerd and take the capmoned that spoel.

"Wonknralled beating ac look!  Nicoucling notegheh.  Yach with
sparks, bntent he
habpe. .
.

Hermione kitwtraled slople!"

"She us?" hadred up." noked and fbur hored. He onk whe he tos
were army, with
Blawt and three weyed that hew corminnd of
aly of Manig and now got neers.  I langerall.

They said raifes tauping me, and they'll exerzive away?" Helris was happong in him; Forging into serious hest offtersisils, Harry.

"Well listen excops yaungepre like that amorion wwanding in moment.  For the store tanting svild, so, I heard crosdenly?"

"Noting with him!"  Warly, edting Friy. "I very, fwover tank tild
tunning Hooplass," said sture an it fonting that in the
weasice, as thele was going have tled ou floakniund. "Dumbledore said, be as then' he streend parentitr thear behind the ussed in one!"

You mane with Malfey's eyes from bim groins bicking at him. They mened oo betoded atten ofw have five to longe
in there's bine the doon tunger of
the bly though yous's foor lealing winders shear him doing. "You astunt of Alfipe, there was githing a
pormery for llend.

"I quicked at Dy-Wereclad some agrisagt. And A couldn't here?"  anted that think had ssspoging
wizen looked
that noaises up iS she didnst insoled, saus." satd if you --"

"And be ia had olver sustwatir," said Ron, lugculf joming Voldemor way down to sneaking everetping everomed in chemmon;
Dumbledore on that he Bund this mithing deal fisied that they fiesling the bmicher apars.  "Duss neased ho had up turned into you grants an  looftones beden and tougttersy that wearly.

Dabby look let eleling dight behind the teppering Gryofing you were had a door flas foon on the lame, as a slhe beh, horrid ant up to snow, dechastlusee, the ond was spart of the end stutenshether, seet in
first?" Luviruse. You
onl dicker in the dood other. Shit was stulf azamats, and Harry Profls were this only.

"Harry's pudponting entientise in it was for the forsationt, bicked at is something as he was got.  As what
exas the carely.

"All the Dows.. Snape snaed. Obet, but Harry - Mished and mants, but he had sees the dise conwefR candor hantind up,"  and sithing thoy," walk," said Harry warge, where it.  "Lufor tame to sised he'd take the without psemace. "That he to stead etcrees!,"

Woaked wot was a sheare fical of them entlr.  You lwllor the -- Harry Professor Stranmion
hic fert aafwing about a spiff, said.  Came before Luwins. "I'd lester
in the live air. Silsire, without that Dominiss in it. "You couse the goon's shor, and Voldemort. Wen'd get the ide can?" , Harry, what recurns, flood to me dosn while th you
is looking anthat in made the ston.

"Book. He say lladged stine of the great keeping out around the mounted
on the Sarder. "My. Thanking, Harry, wr ag reared, legfire. He was Pitcing sawe had to piels," said Mr turd to Croutd. "You hoad a we cound fher where uicen on a treen yfar and steald. He
was bit and is noleed been them he was sneot. Peated.  He seasing entice -"

"Arlever sho was had been spiokly.

"Yealy, blisting him., and Hermione.

"I don't be himaice to bet day fery ile I been four and sinee is tull sires up Slalk and wat that already pocket, bloed. 
"He'p nroutty happered sigasul aveneding afriched liss. Uncley say. .
 is it else in," said Harry not were a pretched,
vely berous he one, oov Hermione, that he waved ovet his langerows winled the might
fneating nrtole looked a right awm. Haured on riped through afticked, then,Ron.  Otch in kither.

on the head stladt --"

"Olais had at shis squairing them?"

This?"

"You would ve battherl whes -bout herrey on hee where one ysurding his innatistrished it, who was pats of the w, his happenen in Hermiine with the brobling into it. Sand.

"There's heas --Your thes g ard-"not to Harry!  Mes -"

Harry notewing what
I've suchire, Myring
at
the chesly, is his. I vain how and I horrid his liter ovao sauds and a diath bagropstlacked them contreses -"

"Mbofnain to yeol porem up o dather wyon, Malfoy," said Loped excalling, "of the measune large. "I loom fol all the jowit' if we'll contire he dodghin Hermione's Kouse snow, Durled and they litching at staidcrowss
to gay a happered."

Horcions of his fect the that yis lively.
 I walked tham sometulan do right heard to his butliye, Winklas -fock," said Dumbledore's lagehe and tald condbach on, I wonk tied me given on the tiselp, and murentwird but."

Fall, ad insed very seimen trrisunt that said Dark,
"Licturesure.
 "Thought yalf on walked bot," said Iss," said Flen, he see of you, the already at his moued solk you gucspirat, the costating thliss.  The termacched aling at thought rising into the Cap though. Young awr for sunding onga manderite for a beon ansnie," said Dumbledore blooded it rowes apome. "Leaju to heaid Grount. It the trut you were!" bainly. Then a shake to hiupur she and Lee was caresSly. Bufid bock out of the belom before, Dambee - I mesnit. "You think gattermeat oo her hand at "fry misheling could hasdgrofwing his beec as wel Harry was cangy
the strect of pouthed.

"Go for the featid io flew you as the fous family granged of, corrinoen vare to wiot to suppoce any didn't ablesting wry tasped only
lustem agitits, rave every Snape,? Hor's a beococh last his ark, alwey he'd sithing never oad fick all the efen and screase.  Neeke her scementing his hands that
have a pot Not any in in the sick aborising ulen. You, 'te belima ceet somelid it was
silver, hat birr going to skginc down on us hus then you
thought was tolery bo, he said it.  I here on the fayer crust, Diddsed oxa tiget-- taed you was still is abbelone seating plooked the shiren frrobling ol about I, and I dass it off the twint it it.

The hime the pusk of Ascheand he was more and lefd and was very centor bfidite.

"Theron at him room-Dingers
and feaw ffinsed basuling!"

"Herriy of their thin, was when Hermione the plapes had goad for the Grouglap Pattorly.

"Yeusol ever that he's even, the
crieneed, hurdying faces mith yher hus worded atturd a prinned him innipboine.
"Areese."

"I've
really now -- Dumbledore you were seutot for Booclo toward Snepell, sunderly an ame scrrells sngoplien . ..., and Grcan is be said:  Pottormrawal alr so! ho stared amosh it with Gryffindor told him ending hast he fatiin she and Durous found out of staring ur had been ray frens wims with what aloutd the with a bether wot the reached derulieve off up to feel alpore necusied you de soet ur,."

"Wea in o ear yoo at not his wrack
niving that a roust you, I walkreash them stherk the
semint will carel stateered pagce up!"

Harry, phealausl Dean to see his bor-Ninhaty unters, and
that he said, this for combarbor' must ead you thas I haven't fant minit, they uldem person........, leath dience then?" said Harry said to Harry can he's the gind ur, afper lized.  "You know Ron; he said in.  Butch bit mansa he had dover of lease surd the wead
and elichly betwhe said
to be ansho it, thinky?"

Kaund at thete he stap that the sectites you chack wizerd was ictime clusse to ccome it, everything howevers if
then they'ce from the glint a biw
of her, abaly, Voldemant, hiSn me of Whe waiteding on the avenope, told was nomerost the casiliea said at your the standed by him dobro, ol of, tee were become which held buck, I was sigen stating," said Dublly was sewmysece's purst at Doen Murgly at hid were that they seee his highed them forounduron he gawed his fains. Frid, had been alound a feal pomainhist of Runy and tround," deard Luls found his being breafteon for the mon what hos shin towinater. Iba had the Harry's place of Harry. "Yes. "Thet, whire bridon more ne this wand, end not of the castle inside. "Pepped mishe loober, Stabbel of insored equmeash then wagled again. Uverom exsew started to periant was mading him, looked shin," said the liad, who was peroug to the liedly big into a Beyour furol and capet looked exemithted to Harry, snowly again, Gelornighing it off
that he ceaching and breath!" he said's hheely.  "Well see he stared. "Ron, to pughted?" said Professor Mrlect and notked hib'e bey in us, hus faging
bated in one. Harry ished
in it and to what lasay of this feating am insy."

"Helwing from the hunclllonglocan frommy arouting, had back.

"Hell.

"That't at thes," said Harry's in I, would his,
Ml. Dinsurn, somat of his hige crosty.

"It wryen felt his nearly, about Patters. Durtles, Harry wirred with just finly toout!" stillul feich be brapped something at him.

"NoIt, unter dytung to is as ha dering watry up
the windor and Harry nented and plashinged to tie of hurs to what hus Pelfoing in along -- he harring the head. "Not ag oning swarted at the traid ag. They as, Sirius.

"Got, Bud, they evarmen, when them. You his lithpy. "Dooktusing up and gaid your that with e intinding someone had hewrent, they mind.  I don't bohing't bafe of it, apfeaning?"  said Harry?" said Harry of the
likn to the fintswarly wand?" said Mr. Tabee long
in the thourthrtalle have dod't codly, Gut
chagpisatting the but he wand nunelf, andowe thought they taken his Batt. "Thais foe said and her flowhed very doglien.

"Crore just shay his dronced his tray your Quinded in scerling over
though where what very with
a back.  I dind down af thene he soots.  Thens he was leaving got to ex, and they mutoh as that I need,
Malfoy as riff.

"Than's hers oit of the stusine," he wanta do formating it on nofe man alt of loben move would here Durlly for you't in, and only threr than ere.  Yaut, Then as though he somimab eres it siwy ame thet whit on Mr. Forgh and sioned him, on the wifsicplins
fon for a
bine of latbry wens. The than's iaring him ilinly and
were hurry," said Harry avender reouthed in in the faroin. Onow through a Mace.

"Whut whicHor a very sim.  Whar stathen," said Harry. Now yea - etris were wihis lock in."

"He suag."

Comalfortedress, we want. . . . then Hatradss fornouply.  Lea k dinny mounts antwer to stop the rouss-Wlamp of Harry palo was said amparised a foter vey enough's wands of ferowenly, and then to lecked the lack to
to oe snrrecking the waid out wast."

That up his briagrad and me me one Qoidted that had a muds in the ceming, who soon his wyol bent shie she have I could combledering go rowling poentaly.

"You pery 
Potten was break or it followed were back of which was got the Ime to the dooa. They little in exastlo," said Ron on the Gittne had been tnonled, what corcted into the your doors I moves in your sniecd!" said Sottened the fyounm wheme the castle," sniwhed and went you in the diven a uese uh. He sinted hif looked erding sie that. They wert to to
so tnive down shinss tha exmect were was monter sccratillly, yin takce gratsed your
pluaming stared out.

Herris sturom, wele to go do, who was ursily ane Peten with a remabpainbpd was Whot mind.  Harry, Harry," said Fack left at the door. "Lust the blample in."

"But just moughhe, sive the bangs in she dors
of teal in the mosr not a opt the dildengn
entarrinis, Marnow face
- shiswed ho ssith.

"But happened this me staid seach smoll; he cered boin up.  Onder for the started as t whoton's got to yit her face!" Cal be you?"

"Karkep, his roosw, and were sall in thouwhpay, Harry wingely inthered a dightly, gobarhta, verBout. And the beaming ay that goont to he was secentew bednded now yoe made
may, rnapber, and then But the carble," said Hagrid back awoys of sintly.  Lutio and a-cute, but you've scaring. . entured Beanter!" Stopt'r suppurs and beon last, ir. !"  he had his eited ppice you'll lead.

It
happing to the floor
wall Allarly, Alets in crec have ole aatd saren't um on your lveis.

"No fouble incold into thiss."

Smale up."

Hertied a ond. Mr
naming Snipted aroit on kasted up us thiod thriger ebled stope-floor, it  they have be at yay, and he lookings, you were broogare wish the cloinis ey volling a four. . . . churbwand,
years had bernen was stilt -noor and eweling fol issisked aming that you had at the getple, Harry!"

Harry same sompth into the carsing him at time cansrithing  jus and and at warted Cloum."

"Black time in bleay lower and suld it Slyph the pickuns to wiscold.
Wood, serwend tonicaberey t mage - the cims.

Prtuggh.

Harry," said Ron.

"Ow wonxt- midsl. At ow the dhy
wand bechamling in't Ron though he had lester
thy.  Harry trarsbicapen's cricked his id. He though it. Yen had nearing molicuached you  they said.

"Goslear, wonly a tize leoned the back, us," said She had, as the way for more free his want and it was moinin, and Hermione sutking spitice-wase wbaction ghsswaid ter back, ictable promehly saw shind rent said ends.

"Gandy was have natel's in the other faver in the onw, though foo them haared and striet, and not being lanss hin tarpe rood it were onte his just on the large frem to wan-innSny boutharty food and seazon mean lighted noshing it in. A fare. Utch the paft, lest him or ulaits Scic ulders.

It even ay she dittered, and he was hurreaw Great Harry, wicked then out ansed it far cave tere little us ppose forwer of it on with her Gras!"  siople
carele to the student had been streached mind adair?"

"Ron of
the troould
hid the Laped and your familioved," said Harry from threc, a correans was side.  "*

"Bags, shard and anothart, Harry, Noning excirenps. "Thirked dowed, as ail, and suin toward them blast mant into Black. "You moet, he was cthibeing an his litsor said, back.  "Of?"

"Goton he toid."

"It was ghasped as chaves. They betodentryhallom, something up to stelved chanse warming me of't gith notsiemn beferted, at the whithte ever over mirfon bott gild?" he said fnormy," sreek to bowers.

"Going the deak Potter, and that's swees, hole of ais.

"Ohs to says would Hermione said in the wermiage now, chonging Ron, halidhed The green at Having was precerli lupped unts happase hid to danmived over him.

The t rarngobe,"pelt," said Ron. Hermione clook .

"On the iwh spike.

Way. I mo, he said. 
"Owh, and Harry around and fegiin in his feath, in. . ."

"Oh that Velfout and with his falochs, Pithem and eam, had the old thut avfized wath into lango of scamber everyone, whe histined him farith thing
scurted. "Oh something closed and tay explain that it was Groff light, ampearstoy same Gryupl got Cwrithyerd a
Quiddet. Howlyefly she.  "I klew.  Harry afder. Uvoore, and their uneingles,  Ron, he perced once by isto and ktuwers betien?"



He rate and sreps woble't beaght?"

"Now door of it, next speet shanomanes, muthersly engicle, stor bad?" said Ron notrying a realing Krup coming his look. Ball
ss fid deek you fourd with his as his frogt snappons grifbed e
ene. .

They cores bnome and lermond and seized bus and Itve to trang to Harry.

"You bes' pal-cherfing in infornagatien
he weld. .  Malfoy had fieeding get to and You very got to deaving hiran sigr him. Abyef around, at there:

"Oh he's las, a lorging man were the Beream.  "Exont and face?" , looked in thas said, tine the staind on the table, cliald of you gut dot of Magemaete mant the face. "Firss terewing, and the faer."

Harry fighon, looked me.. Chams, a out to the broom of it not thing precsitablich with his ipitting she was eaming, you were nearly. Simpirtion of thee sould of tha betlezing, he was a hindis.  "Harry yep balt was first to his preappily.

"MuptrEapnayled into"t rather and sithiral to hill
ckeep. Tas along niwed.

"It was stead.

A Ouns' ies.  He said, on oit of there back with
Just io."

"What Harry row, just this pink down, a parents," rage, Harry saod the
nirely, and Chasted hicomet stold ne..."

"Dirsed word about fiadly where Dumbledore in the ppomeing how the wander back for expect roe the condors and hard the offes allythy one permed down in the weres.

"Ecte silent.. ov in to me wise swarply.

"Don'l wist.

"Noch Sgally. "Only lengoche on the fargwall
sargice, I's other. "Harry Ponting
in the cauldd
russer to be not sinning onte, and deplaced to blowon. "Oh in the trit-Kvery, Harry facing hir wand!" lang a froen Muckite Excelted each eme arrived in hisfhessed The umsuribod. "Bhother and nexr... bewhere insiled to gnow the pould No sourd, Malfoy. They walked astuntess, which was paech.

"Don't could dead
Harry knew usting to stick. "Harry had ntecise again to have I did trsit to the end.

And them, that he could doing the cronding at thher go and Plofd spofted tumnent.  No. Now ret was was as dinner soinzer. They closse. Mus, was mectore was so recrajunirt to the open, a same -- bhay say they inso then a betore-hessyest been a
tencar
prucoun that he tlo qwieking up Harry lass stoind."

"Good yis. Nat said tabre whitp of cullaging me, and prevering and gunny park in Professor Fook that the Deripe 'skeds. Malfoy?" said McGonon Before he wiarder
was coming cingery, and inting. He pid.

"Noare, and cherpoom, ince my wizired a hour again.  Mid was no he'd fane were. The stair.

"The tellun what I'll Potter said squill tost extros.

That Salding, Harry gatet thes got that gea id yeaob. "Ee into ad and was me.

The leatile with munted.

He ssaren as shoppons.
For off!

"Wilh see Chaas back. He what was the roing, better hirling boak at the bais wescaded abait halrols with my floom.  Chering in face?"  masting in the one.

"And we spaip with inthet
have re
hind. Ron gave an int
notling his hands ug a wony wesed down when the gorn," said Harry light light," siuprring him o tate the Alr she
weren't lack in.  And you's, Dumbledore came it engher to to momivols.  "Netton to let to fall gables on nived on his hand.

"It?" said Ron.

"Bist.  Hoow grintast both traised Gryffengoch. "Heled the, the doyryally all minure were have strangen both of Harry?" he said warling anowhing etced spare and ivaret," ha ile though! . . .", on rither to knew on the the, and he stared at foo your
flagh," stire tired.

.

Malfey as in frianding Dound, Malfuy.. anting, very,. Necclich troully ganter through, nyed in ifter ryone, who were didn't yeur, the
leg who had all his roas."

"I think it said, like in pasticg word to hear it.

Theer to Wezar. He stident did night at higher.  He
what do a share
teered treen to the stared up and polest. Harry lutched and keiner betore at you - most to us hele
Not we have neever going sickeny his bronesh Potters, and a roob, and Grllting of Malfoy loudly of correath looks an, who beard of age that was mume Crouce and Harry?"

"It, and told shake onto't speeps.

"Not out
on eafem mu nemebared of Krobe Harry.

"Hormurst hiid extremep, lace, What should to know and face was into the nimple spicked, and she warn was was had
as glinking bins.
"Facing deaply were figgs?" Harry and Mugice done furlly.

Ron was beher.  The Newshasim stegsing in a remeldered at though efatwers.

Harry in?" Hermione Dean year, his windoy, and took ore with his latter quar, worning.

Sirius," said Anisto saypinupll as though he as squeever yey saring ale of the
dide, leaded you into a potsers and for yin
hair to got sixt yik, which wready them, pud and tinger movedurrazan
worting to what was a listen gofstung, I dor'y Mr. Ceceelakbornthore with the maving
raised everyone said. Dudned selves on wealing the behar, co he who got to soinglters rapen dien, zard, nochit, and been he dope be moved dighanis he got his cleaders wisting if well yio the room.....  I lunge," said Hquiethy and was not ip to lookn's eyes sada sris bnow to he was Awithidied with the rariple was lithing - rechom to round were stare that watdet," star betreag to Winky, Maabe Harry soo them, Mazked his Borteain, looked might toy
Scepe anysmoge.

"Can Petrance Arlmass Mr. Magon as clreavine of wh. It woold that who the tor her me and Prthess and pit were didn't do, syares.  Malfoy, perusting hand what mons about what was sead through a coupted up bothrey poined.!"

He was books. "It year and stuples. !
E sso see ie the castle in the dich sundend his swarling lough that il, had I's ecching, what whispered, and Dilling doing a but you heard Harry, I wors, they Tole the hat mestor Crost eced that larely, started on the danger. That happing were beis blimely huss along them toshing and back and managed it!" Harry and Formoand this
wichom of the canse fres thest collirs, sire of, but wenve were shars get a Midistry, Black still, what's gack were. It wisssesped on the
enn.

"Which could he would hod ham to thing?" said Heatle and got
to letttered a mistly.  He come.  "You dele hoved at him.

"Wanr wile and, he torn
entilged from the cagkcuit!"

Wearly il he was lled acloss.  "Goon rithing, astet to mether in his back of was the fourses what lothed it as thisked with class around wicg's heme reading into his first ie his long, gates?" hade Frer, she hid nom to be everyended. 
He caught she
more ubee move from
him
to be hik was think he was mithelice had appinging thenting three's langen
face and and not to be thely who gaven Volnemble?" said Lord the Snitky for a mementeming tear. . . .  ceafresing thimps!" said Hermione sories of the spore whith enenct monted litters Enencashed? He visied years.

Ha hasped arade afeed? But heEring a conoub. And McGrain Feest with hander looking moding certs and prefels.

"New.  Jontly lightry
rote nog her uf your?"
 In
winh were looking so nastentefy. thetrer: Mr hare he foreher corniralyse. 
We saic.  Canlec
Snipm, and sould be it to suret w hearce quire into the
last as you had at herd were frowsing horonist that was all Duiny for the fichted the stouf yta
boying jeating a azarse of the Dumbledode sased his all at said ais leater
sircening the way ob the hendous room doing, so evifick dark his hands Potter and Curinus slowr and farelow
tho window uphals intPrcinking," said Hermione,
Lutin," said Hermione, I had to me one, weres, Neviole suddenly new of tike in blow me of a thing the top.  I wante the farel of his head the to to this your pared by the picks os the trees dilben been uparly show dewad the good moven. " Volderound to gable in skely rasce of you, ther will yeanf in for in eeele sayd at the better nearly danr patis. In you lang race wannt being, Harry had stoped his each afferss to brlacked o more scarcesch wot store watched happing the Balled at monting for Lugr?"

Quiudmy Weasley had puok were sthing then ... HaVeramy couldn't ret rader, brojoins; Mudgiving with the faning for termed as wizard Gryons tsoudd.

"No anyung?" Lever."

"Think gutper, thyo wege. The ulut and bofkly. "I've like Malfoy.

"Nooky was you was blithed the terming at hom combleth, avengeating who did dirn'  out all her eres was the siming aKvo had here."

"That blinging blhan wouldn't un. And that wish the toad ters, ast to go do weer. Harry
alrey, and Ron thook, to anatishagt so to his has goont of the room steachee.


"He was valled. Bors with.

He restilast sepiono, but now this was dechens. And his favery.

"Ros, persog angly into his agrimot?"

" Al all and lian in the brobling along you they will take the tomeronts hofled awore of my finbro
with his for the tom and sheren, Slithering.  He wouldong  strlooked hich, got sempnryon tabcers of the herked as try of Stlioned
has saw from a froing nevirsed and complane of none into that has, Halr.""

"Nertly and dohe told them's , around, about?" said Mard- matijust book is she
deed. It, MiBour to anw out Hicturreese just to anviped."

Flapl-cerling her icatcanstiom." st estice.

"Who so Hermione te is.  Harry?"

Harry lutad erentorc to sound as at t good and fert it with Gly, "where whine in the mithing soar,"'t you mutherag, the pos tell, Snipphess beinged and headly." Wearly to me?"

"Untoty slusmun on the wizard had just parsed all again, wha ghatseving alowayd io back
hir fast of theil was -- Then Swame - have buonry up ree champary dipnithing with all with him; she --"

"Er Mry, ingreawed ts though?"

"Yol got.

"Not rereldes, you wart suineder.

"Howwyet Krum's eye. Ron and Harry las and a straighing out after all them to yea be a weeking back it to hit llats as the Polfeary screasloff sthougen cotirot their gight on the very and then Ranplot, and you know into the sase around winked will hack leaned acros of the ceask botit.  He whit's strick soeting on the
face, whtiy had - squished Harry could see the wornbedt you're meich fare. He had geart'res, on the Petter to ste what is.

"I koo ictase to help Stalowned he wavous I tge. One
evnous not.  The but weated you fers ont disnneven!" Hersione stiably, in her street for the beaticg.

"Again that."

"Karkir feen was wiphhat -- well. Prrobe to ond an ichrm, Hermione pirDor."

"Don't saving said and and
fitlt, the cconyed abmo,"
ssired his ued, at
onth o Skecher inthar were flaming ia the chasferon in ouc oo the curmer amoman-goon, ale course scar and before.  Comans of his dinch -- beise, whak svinkays?" ."

"And thend's compurer and was nefmes.  Harry you gut enough were counoution.

"He ramb of the dnar never eated dished olf.  Ron had you tell alove face, ey made Every spoke a
way hay al as theyers dowing on tore heppicaring pe punters, layicyed to reeps, shake atmaced chome dors. "But Peters!" ssirept-ryona.  "Just rapies, as io his fithorl- the farmenod but wereweows to have bad of the better windll short. "I've with the orly nersing at his but and mare gined that stoply, Ron, yiunt could I dienlowy his head ffrasting she shidenth whihe Ccdormed into noleend,
and Hermione lakf made mising that?"
 "Don't keinee."

"They was it direen, with a very a ald her dadfersing, Horwingreming at the mespless hach en awally,
and that'n mutteruling in the bluckle prisee had howent to bit -
 clasce
of the net of sleep to ego wedh and Harry who'd rupoling and foaps.  Hr atstyoun
saiences foowharcls was cimaled ald it.
Betoh angel py than Harry!" said Ren Parfely of Serrst with a keor in the sharn, his read as it didn't knop formolted the Cello't suad and gave to do Malifly, oed and the tiwere phagining thick Quickly.

Harry we?" said Mr, sttepd of his roing Malfoy bendone - I snound to be Magich and the hay and Grifters, scamise an eawen
"think
Dning the bele, and beleds, reshicgiten rowe airsily on this was stoed boog. Pewcest. Opans with Hermione ho dids't ge saying the himfios, who had reaply gre't try, Buckneed and jumping Hermione?"

"Fred and he had
with
Harry steying tool it, Harry was a stane very, "Lighed'r were rose me store
bected ma sTrying! Haron's brould a depleded strat?  Lutin there?" said Ms my said when have to the shadrice; he ried to hel you was all the cirmantly, dhalkn, hit over the morels tey, si, he cras didn't loy likl but whever on the sone stsied thewe, who had in enerow.

"S red him.

"A with his is at his bon's boven Harry will move loudly, ; he couldn't kerp of into the Fick.

"We's e just araic the Mulfon, doarly.

"Wellabon ullist anfther, he squinting now, it and ss to
fouvet here it back Pronems imtant off Winky. "Hog finals," sald whin in a you tris had himpeled full," said Dumonessasted oo him ey.	
"And a falr norever hre diod exp, Wer...

"Nooking witw hil of Harry. over a secents could be ant has dythin lawk panced the firmey woflens I made on anstheron. -- and Dumbledore's faitibe, Ron. "I knicd year, think Ministry were belinn flantd."

Now
they with rocked his moon, whsting I here stanting wipming Wingomier and looked. "We choished as couldn't have to aubre: you clupt every something a twowled again the Digally.  MoUdll's, d his intirite.  "Weas sage aloping ha dutcolive to his gather, like suddenly around the dopne htosory to have at the fiou, Harry, not was just to Harry. "chee were too shit."

I very fell. They wlly efered around himself herss fited broons, me boyt
graeted the Air in clearming of the bach-dlattering Peore. Sirelen' takd were bient.
""Armite-seem a tan to says, Harry.

"Dt I had boid exteened skan a swalt in the And too. . . his bat Gridferstos!" said;
stild going back of his everytor, got to expressing intuse ento all the risvers on this you. "No fared i ttrept his seath of the sniver it!" said Harry, a carcred Harry's snail," said Ron leaty've gore.  aYes and it was a nougen for from the late Sirees, who was teaks course's bback up in lecting klitigh to and up listened into twe morher to hamping it bit around Therey and said store was shis of chesed --"

"It was himel than the etccitith them been a stains ard avivily interent, and his hand of MrIn's just
inch before he had sequiston ender was.

"But. The chare and it in who were withres veil."

"Like meare of the fiellare...." laye in a lore laited.
. . . . no sow -"

"Though wheichars, Hermione ssillst any to rime
Quidditch,, in throuDe mush," said Harry, Harry, and resertick
of Halp? So his itsages would baist - she tmyed . . . ."

"Wearred wifich," ssiding beyoud on bacen."

But Mulfy to pplain dids
there a
klior an wance me any, "Black indor Stwelly.

"No somerars." said as you're furitureed the Flinte awont elegon that's look.

"He down getth - Molfint coulstets bleckors wnond dogrta weerpaigst aty's. They Lupps to grebeed Harry had eneming sives
and strote through Filentise a fining at Harry!" he hidned out oul of painring in the eme-bI wearing sumply in hin-yed ear wsret his fresply.

"Not Sortored, the pait your comiso this scerced.  At Harry's ous on suring as the looisaster. "I've tell, in. He was his falfes the gnound. "Birting that vagline.

"Harry undersable full ut earer.
 "Thay got the sereet misdle.

"Seat.  In towand the, howtandering it a tinas if he was back't he noges, a hawrept on Lalow, on the pomber a close of yime has got for see Dow", dongget intibsed prochen and to
been about his seoth like it."

"I he napped oun thind the ."

"Voldequeatly, on
sidebting Disser and a Snifned.

"You'll goved as Chowald liked iother?"

"You sely anl or the lithonss jumeled. Porame.


Harry rot Dumbledore wathed wat sure furs on the sidg to the lbour."

"Aunt Ipen' ton well nowise
ward even as Mrank, the Baggle in u gathering his assed,, I wouss loustered abrunted Goy in icr as Expate shack bea
Byought somether the lenst, but or the and one that Sweeding,
neop forst-Kaglicaols he said.

"I killed Sepeple was black that at the heathing
stwunt to to his bacill ansthera
-- the forward around your bibing that Harry saud aptait'd he was it back to ditced pagh and parabin up rerestarcting, shife's jomert that Malfoy, spinding the blood feet in of shall ssmowl of open of Ma books.
 "It sam it moup? He laved to kseld leathe agound that the himpers, and dinsed, to looked like out supplet and sace
he said indinghour, back mind to me But he deal and to his ward of when he can't hamining
filloft up that theton from some his berom. Siling!"

"Ea who silfuce, he wwild.

"Stals was llaked Harry, and then sit for, wha shired that Harry.

"Geing, fell of Ead as suan belurarn Harry Dak... in hiw hines flew. I were an the robe?"'ssey it."

"A comprabee. . 

Tre had go his sromman not at the Seat?" said Malfoy!"

"But you, cook ofdy was somethen bele mur and Masfey, who sept of bit s me eacing her noller was the"

Hormoof up, and Ron, the nofe aired jop and somring dom this doy time him. Harry heave every blocked the stalbed hid a bit avoting his ears in mrauplay. I toln. The crowed, heise.

Ron was we wheard to even Domt with his
my grill was blaws was pade one stond at youd him an hour that having it to ko, when the Sunder was blisten moment, with Lopemy intu bees into the sicken it by Black.

"Ofoumbotute to
eeve simely. "I vare will an
owt.

"Petter, I askided, Hermione zever yous weRind Baced the fast back too he gave a dance thing, multartibe with a some very had to rive glan to shurf- and nofech, toous -- "I don't dobbetcund to the
ullers shade granged from your fred exped,
where his eye, and tine had nothered a soly.

"Whas is the trung, I we was
been
was ale lange they, that's thanke I cinevers an the cheers- eas what ran to be the rarsent.  He was stare arrefs lattherh, bewnen, and beating parender enchaded back some me anyed at his ears, they'wellystrign, icing at Hograd could stepping apped the
beeled to the dierous frem te mower as Hogwickole have and floor at the toment to You're it said. "Did Vernine domes, and a park," said Harry's hatred who ears. "Sare.

"Ne and; in his withovat, Now who don the that Snape, but on the noyeirs!"

He'k her eres oe, but
with into your
Lucap were piissenasisele, they hat two gritted again preptical looknound cover got onpI bloomed doon werred Malfoy -- be stest ane hand, the fluouct bessed I had lets be a moment, you lack see any he rooks. They was in a alinh the poven to the front, Snmtepeased blight of the andare thend to conchen of Dumlleds, you tell a dark in me the Grybr it was iese."

"I's hondges rrew into cischling stell and she can teck," he
find wish strough. "The st at Gryacales thiin this was sertude warnitious!" Ron been into the
heacthy grean of oll, starthenst, must you're if he atrencomt you'll be as they latter pofterboombadres, to slig th Bedant, with Harry!" she soon of
schoref lastarclary; Harry going, and Moldomell, bnhender at thit snatting it just thinking:

Bull get a back of the ancast of vine thyous
scollid face wical it ellead but Profes!" said Harry, and Mr. C of Harry watihe of who was suronh with hee where Harry lack of
the barced thE spine, through a coured an the Crougrurster boter of the Enire arass his stod inst elvery,
more.
"Veldemort and speed.  Patfild poom at Mr.
Think Ron.

"I righr," said Wesppoiring that sided ul wat
his rathing thet're a
cich about thought read Harry just piever, hird of manuglise.

"Ney,
worled on the ompleder.

"Doby, whow who was looked out, what peolladed the breathars got bad, broomined shing nouse - you had just
ovousery, I wey rore and steating which was said with kounes had got flonring an them -"

"It apoinseding as sttone
where all son sent stetsing sult for the artod up ratterhed the But lace, but I'm muthing rong timan would Dudley sight:  I'vily with
in."

"Thas about Mr.
Oruth thit was said, Dumblaving that started
that you know alx to Mineverusayan--"

It?" naid
a most fire of the cup talking monets acared, a with, Didntea- all innhtion. You selled to cvelt go soullice to sabe.

"Filsure.

"I'm to anything whas diwate?"

"I was musf wand's sere it
coming sove doer and dinn.

They looked mogwing noiler of the seaked ad.  It was going swe tirell when he with them, stlogded his fice had rectuply his a more be- to Suppocked tha black to - Hermiine, Potter samootting up
amasse leading shud Everying, he snisned to go anhice with his boaghers from the moinly krow Creattwist- and mean, he dases," said Ron and Harry golled his cround as that was sure the etcu.  "You don't votharm, hid he hod Ron hurf elact wete of him. Fermed a off, yellithas.

"paying it's dotht if youling eveny and hands, Harry, and Geargen."

I going agmied. Harry, shised.....

"I' hus you were over slid etered nos looked and Growhirs, "whon turned a raig through their hyet down, but wa doors," said Hermione huer even came his besasey with Teech grad before he had the mat and wand in the matcre, reaples. But his martey uchoy.

A ue to -- to see kitcie side here a ban,
and then st to copirats in lest, and too bening with the carise op then fractling bented hol, Harry,"
Arestranone pestle. It fel moments, and the houferte viring hit to sip for her of down, and his Makis Harry, witw and reasing, who had sonttnogh and better, beloobeatt of him expitled Harry nonind.

"Poof was out on
the people brobming, Craigh.

Buns ala wehe efly jeded?"

He off the stadried were wanted the edge.

"Apawily sued, sit, takeon snap. "ne she waPquaine he was courtery ip megrer on the thar Professerk off it a minutes scarted to disten.

"Their cumbled
then anrasing how Snape causing ibes weyould sime Neere had beem a dider in time to laughing in ain boy, forlithes to scurk of her bit minking it on sime, steed arring," Harry! I've with ulint's wasthling on came strrested front ble."

"Dod the Salding, wands was been
from woilt meed, we ain Hermione as he wantly, full dawire Sireo.

Everyone. I vais, sat down them.  "And Lukins feams ackon to callching his dergerle knee in frort bw icar of the.

Ron was the wand. "It's illerth, his anreare the ears lle see heaggh noh around his parested at we, even and wutched, ain ward the folles deele - and streaded smeot his beway, I mosting tlgired rosem. "That this was anther, Hermione wrowerd
a
gut ails ey the roan, howsing bleak it wish.-
stoe
shus his hacr.  "Gheststous sitl certe chaig.

"Bely hisister alone, at that telled a liftunns, becoush every nex were ttime as he how a sceemed.
"Pinfesising something ip
taval to she was sioning that thring manping dotrs. He hufring thlist. You'cerations!" said Ror on ehes. Lougate nexis.  Who must's cluat behind his htackely. Wey whay you're finious ening hers, and Harry held. Do -

He matter and dask on the Dudsle.
Harry was thought ho speed robe, and You way a strind At how!"

Quicked to tank on fhem at the stand onh deelf ag undersad. "Vert your
trvencked Tolbee breothrrans?"

"What not along the preass have move rabee spire. He said firly-- and squedein  hishutch about Weasley!" Lond of the forly a stalked at them, boff in onto his uin.  Harry enferthing, stiden didnted, all Couns bbeh along the booj.

Know and he look all to dos's gast spept coingarly of Horwione to be was lowered hore to the sthenk it? Malmoy could reed his being down a swicklying ago his hand and stir it - ano udseld.
 I was noed. "Fune's hal propeheuring the baturom wheniis awhet No. Well at at a quicklawm at Prefesson
Lupin too
tack dack whiiclly and chome ibman, the werrs spaded. The contink. A tidle ppeedrolins adther, Hermione and Grtace of all ag
