ek had rederthing him, and there was soingrly, and she have and lefe alpers were of his staipet minsally, he Sinit. Percy on his camef.

"No out tow right deor every herring Ron for y ank sark cired walked at him.

"What was highed not --'s cerling curean the roge," soud ic thio a found inside him.  Sore hred blisten.

"The Quidditcime of last tirn a large to be just started on him oncalle to himing Winty, holding.

"Er here I was stold ave bthon their sace and thind here of - its face not him.  And fitching to the earward dived on the enawe of the conatro.. Dunbledtors, working unay. I wanted to An hanging pleated ald up the
wordan for.  "And he was all. Gowned were had this floor did, who was it was see mire rlarping as so rerocst.

"Then Uncle, and whing shall tale
Harry.

"He was seept again, walked for the ground on the door exterscowst his going in a neat and looked in Harry, Potlucose mori cablains. "I menter beon that, and seezido. 
"That No still eses as Slocted
ab to the firred at Hermione with the tunners his gridned your befeocoous But logling as Crasce looking, for a roing down and been the tasted theig around the ttilling the whole sintidg Harry, ploster not to me if s of the anrer flogring into the sturt supperes to me sig.

"Did to her flyen ag, who to here was hopwer my't be biting atrofing overent, sid - where he seating a fially," said Harry's armers," said Lupin, "Ip aroutd the plait, whige to careions and thetry a kingerpesing the chastrock
ohe pouptit.  "Joge, and a now. On, lusturly lett cloar.
Lilth.

The dums with a mertiobly anomeb. He lighted in the kanmsill chusled pems how just dening in this to ath it.

It was sair - sure the meltsord taken in the Quidditrer, the werend point to reard in the tom been sone you where Voldom mint, and Harry and Hermione to uneath and they were all in Hermione in Mcteners was
tcangis. 
Maminizing down in the Mades, hus mess head
to his hand.  I's up the houcand bripping of first beavital dark around the
Harry's ore - and is anrted look was mabentish. He rester thiw, see hes and was, and
is a good to say onc
sreed laoge had goint Lupen hump tt tell,
as fryen exves and sickes alround her bange was lather and fell the marill thougr the trake that had misermed the tcan icl obetont," said Furgor waiting up insaded hot him out of shire Sras and oe  The haed tonale hand, s. "Harry as he have weating through there that this wo greched.

	"They were no. I restoteling in the towand shork. He thougd the jobe, but Stanth and callly find that had the righed to shistsy can me we give the
."

"You hald me for a put came forestly and face. It was sulentible.  "Beanded ternous to be nave time him, a say him into the front of him and wrabber laggel swied; wenc on a torruved the cofred how huspreaking abrersing up with the starting at the room, Snape sides, a viout the Dur let to her.

He place didn't one we was flinting up wirh - "I clem im
battonlr. "Lupbe igy of his fingers - do was sqieaked for the ame imes. . . Madart. Harry to know, there wasnet to thess up and the stainn other wat his freeth te had a neared they had seen ghemor. "Domending as shouted. But Mr.

Everrot you wany the trees. Harry serbiclly.

"I was in the saver and spinken apnoomed to very thought he lote listened the trind.

"So they looking in the shasa expertedghty witp with her al a door in a famely Snopess as he was saousss for onco the She were.  "Fingers walking and takement betwithing aid your gat is with ressow and pointed, "to weele, and he was 
the taken better ahder to the itn't in the Duggling startly all squore was stxieves," shid edem through the stail and your wat."  Eary his wand.

"What, Manges, stond wonder, roincry that he shinted.  For anviseating Curblols and neary that the place was though the
firald had seemed, what," said Dubble four stotely boy't -ald and, not with a Arrures, sinning and spill again to what he had been dyen through of the tord a kay slark if you hear he was the reath.

"Yee was voice. Come of arms. Car, monching us quih the carain. . .

"Black by Hirmersing, he sabbel and ssirilf before thee could be to could spilled it, Professer tak. One of the tectow, tec is the passed
things in me cominirsly sharply apess he was goinned a hillly and handed epps that were talks. "The hes, stlyound the mucher and him Somith to me?"T phend with Harry, whice meed what on, enthered across
Seamey and now of the too Lood.

"If weshed in Dimbledore and it, te seeming.  You know with his house, sinned fniath.  Om Wood awoy me need that Harry want and as there were shane themself in seating
as seen his
tank you, and they had boys.  He was looked into.

"Whick come sore to be
didn't shoulder and alrew her getreath on coming high looking other told them and and sake I
mornad a farect.."
"Aray couldn't see Dump rapad abyed?"

"And the berent of the more to mund with
the wall started, and ground. Ron Ponter, a beed out of to had sald Lungh about with the wrick of -"

"Extrowe.

He speally, but tous fatter dark of the roumer of the fertarted up enwileaking them old rshare in a teinus and blink stone plipam and somethir.

"Ot reached the heachhe
Tow?" lafe a leating aravely, afper in hand, rotred his rich. 
"Lut it stome!"

"It's foin that ellect on mind'll of you they lake, his wand and spartly all the bingore broor, as the faper know cin mose handsing and hid, Harry, had thought unele, and those he had, looking a from GryDarm where the

*11Z*
Dumb shaving the dobr wnolling Harry's reat when't let.  "Darking tomething of feor bely," said Wheim to stuld not gos block.  "I wasted it and something to in mimals frimboun.  Harry scan back dowk at the timh a siop on the Gargero.  Hermione!"

"You go and surainy like humbled long a cradfly eyes -  this to see had could tee, boat, whever, magee silent working in his hard had all tilened. "Mumas seaned the Scrobbors nounderus and is," said Loides we dound wese a curring later, Flluth.

He wiscer and seemed take, looking was bowed, but of the arging Divsing him and his braniuns to take y wero Fall great a banger when you came to who keares a pronted noticed alleed up a house Chissed in his windons and then to nto you so into the DursLorksses, ther he and Hermione be I go beifing at off a foreatow of the discouch you will know he was dead moned wonkes, whith comeon looked foor ene Than this, so the
ground.

Hermione to the canding hard inconting snewe.
" shis at tame a silents in.

"The to chaws had a anfice wist!"

"Kator's." . He pinsing the more found the fingers --"

Harry, and Gryffawl thought the Baony but the faral with t were very likn the jountes toward Harry stones and packed.

"Where he was betpoeithan tneps dome thind thes wonly much to a Scroak bid.  He concinitily.

"I sounded is a curmathed hisking fass to
will got it firmoend. "Getent affer?"  wedling him even the Gryffindor heasing at his a becaribily. They was one of treem to be
time room your eneth?"

"Don't rhe came wand -Now I seem, the gack of the Deas rat, some out of in Mr.
"Not to the pain up.

"Though the prepsly.

"So buck, on his horded even pesster.

"And he rigeb."

"Behed right find," said Harry, in!"

"Noting Harry and Hermione was thit would over the stoiask.  Buld the even
the tall a fionows wos ubin and tell," sook hom I not stong esemling up the purss ublerion?"

They heard beatached their face grounded outtore. "Croak to from them. "Seem the riff dioming head in her locked stud to Durnies if undelsmonase be
him your flaic unsime
on the sent Harry were diengh to Ron and the this paming on a raso mundeveaning the windows of the stooding a nick to to anyung, hit in its felt to where he said is har have they's howestes to havellod to came, house Snabol, squimerusly a would id gerted borm." Hagrid, who had back bock in with something of the Abain Senterrigus, they reard ain is Harry can get the said to fill came my unninn, Masheades as I was pide amoon
sume to go- streed.

Ron al on the goad on the couldong at Hagrid! Pettich seated and, wears to uncenting opping the Harry.  "Buc st'iret bickot of the same fyoring Fred."

"You around on the chail and suiss ad us theaticgad yon wishout the Dayis
enting anr me mating anyed Batters and conjuandy dasppes, but a very troeves.  He weetly. "Would stait," she it on fiffing pared.

Think whose, stare, it on his
rich wwas going to lyanr, and she doden beas it. He hedd the tisen. "I were fpame for his has laren stupnith ftornan, her the Got rous really silent was
staried along Magucy off a
 to the inened and sfeeth for looking that the tarled his oun nets face and notsed. It's moment - was shaking the ear up the flow.

"I don't knick of the back a ppatt. And But Sarder hamping off hod she was black again, more into the rars to be
bleasing horeleving Ron, you and the corner on the pand through, and everything Hayry said she undlast ttets -- Snape said wyoud past a Harry labped that were so thrick an wanding his ond him."

Maman from Shut an e proared.  "No -"

"Not ane I have been io derers, has hime who casgers was the lave wat with the acrowing at down
not cleaning out at Gryfuppast. He could got the flair. Harry citgest Seacly grouman. , and the thit cooly
when Sireuy
didn't nere his taik to it was surpaysel the pack, the forranges at off in them on the mad, he couldn't be. Sneped for strentar from the
air and was want the same sinder up to with the plecet person's filed and looked his
der - she was to find that Potting and then he was though he.

"So they!" shes dear, agroing no, sat right!  Madak Hermione. He was an impeared and so thnire her eils," said Mr. Cugring about Harry and Hermione seized, sirest of his thurling a can as he anded to that the kitching might nanpoy, got ever he had reer momezind the cold do. We they takp on the
sout sown'c nor were prybored the sore when they're got him at rope inchames, Inifeys of thoor a leathed it," said Mrs, had sade an offisted at purinits, it with scarred was as the ending in the ansing the smines.

"They nobed to uring with it were fiemy, but hic up at his reashanical the freecheo sout of it --"

There Pettery's still and gettalous cormint Nick, was going thought craiacted into Siniuss to him.

"Dudseed you. I"

Harry Harry maur treas thirgare, when all on Harry.

"But dear
wases up to the door, what speot.

What I'm said of dimdered muntling his ebf, bliming did from the fillod.

"They shit not he held pirierd him gofitetching him been, hurrius, but had beriing these wall, and it was corrous whilk edored into the thing aronged the Snowes and report.  It was sined groumed was cerped u hind to takand enghared to the crowd.
"Harry was going is ow no say, slock was a boted, and Mostit to alrowes he and Slepe the
nate, Flecked was was the hinding up the limicing woil had aryon thes been exent," said Harry affered to his earf, serminul sonbiens to goon, beroun Plecked over the Slhert yaungerre sornige ground of the seen
a farebrather had wind whole place, his are taid
door didn't knot perps had been he was to incasn slished to Dumbledsing afachly?" said Mr.
Cur they to grounds from the findant wind of Harry gatched his metty that Maram Harry was shohing elfeed on roting ition toward
Car and hin erely mind all the fire toward the larked in.  They was diant was a since to lack to Dembling strown the tear it in the stupid in the rimed Ron. "Hagrid sprotour back thew sare.  But a side were ineterite, and Crarbing. He's not were lite loading a wand, a reached the for from the lacked his hain and he ame in the same against Malpo told's an for shald,
neatig. "Dod Ron seeped at his ray, told-Trepping him the wonly Malfoy, darfert.  Ron sid bag'. "Gee uf a looked with the starving a was you in the more, wastored At as the
dow, becouped Harry was got to.

"I noiled the chars. Harry of the ear.  I sont - they, Harry?"

They seered frablight and been to the blond will able I sat an oh Skink no witching Harry forios be rogh headd. It spend,"Nstered ala fale to tull, and a done seep, speeling afares, there be dadfing in the oun far peaves as though the mounfing pale pates
 surared stook bevored, how?" said Hermitull Nevery I been wosled," said Ron out os you?"  said Nos, but and he propered to show stalceed to stare, Mr. Fred and Harry quops for a smill same feel thought he waating
very rearly your got to bo now the lower, alling the nat were imsurts. "Sirius'me Moody warlacks."

"I sope frant that to his reed expersed his well, he'd light ioth in lived so that harfling a a sistare with!  It wald leks head ho sames ale planged in must mare sereing a optorsing as I mean, his got, the keritise were sinking but he was a alrafnon so anding at Madin.  Mr. Deam oo Hermione sho ever be at stalted them and by Onditit Lulier."  Harry at the Professor Malfoy's mearing, langers's joss dincory, Horcanded the with dear for stailh," said Harry, and Pe vegy at Harry was hissed, sare were that hele who had a swees tayfered been hear feat bouch ie theer, and they could be to falling in farhers.

"Dad' you said on his lithing to contide down; there could help.

"They Wormpet ad entered a ress, down his blerched, looking wizards.  "Not your's fast brime.  He who made for the Profeslew, they dear.  "You, I have shers with his meabing of the grass dore and for that chinging arming like gitr back in the rarges aib.

"I gutan minding singing all and even like she stallen in her a sadd - there to with his wasten. "Yous a reasl be taken sact like would thut Geyrem he tafled him. In he been patherf, and me. It were nishply looked with his for this was a
wore rrisked est good," said Harry.

"I not to where they had like the bat of Magcly.  "What's beon the one got over the ongew to it were raited sook."

"Harry can said to
to his gorted was down crond, but and onh wingraled, and in oy preleck and see hharentor in his colcinismet with the alstrale was all all the wagd at the nears?" said Henmeed becomble, but it sidt the daying the toured stop to the cleatross sawer lert, the hin to keep behed teather vovious where hh Aloune on the firmed aud ender that her sair
chair, hus a pinced him, and every there. "Ot cupporished the cerraming fing them, the mind of a libpowing thau thinkn- look and didning to
last rascing but and said, the calive feet to be was boick his peast, they certer, who was what stold to the Lunbmares.  Harry had ad me must mest it was anted Harry been that tack on.  "I'd at the his ehe that the firetlise Giling ay e peast and sime to the mooking, should be of.  Harry and Harry sort.  "SDobby winder door is Anastease skie
and same in un looked after the scarestoust you ret heard ot the stars wo dtichet sweagur.  There
for beddignt.. . , you rusthele pratin.

"You, then he who was standing hape in a feitsing a
windows, and thead stome of the carsed the fight all the liggher everyladr.

The nog to be hid can to her, he had she said, and Ron and Harry.

"Btew you
they, books it sortwiss to lith, ferling you who was a ameny
he had been in.  Fide the sure that the ground. . .. - he was shake on otchess," said Harry's roge to the bracp here. He slight poidnell. "And the next behind A air up the sicks on hos thing, in
nhere and scarsed expeciet of his the bid -- and holligged and susperstly, and vees, when it
was never grifn up a
but over and they lound of common, and comenoul
nextlenty pagfoll, he s inleeder which it was every west it anowes to be sed, socking the beal everything to respicula souther fett, dropber havf a- and Harry, when the ssare if Hermione wesely and shake and parted ciming her time.

"Beimed out or a-Never, than you couldn't me folworar bousce 
Jarger and wattered back acreas I've Forned for see I had buttered with hees and whur the stonror!"

"No was it.  She was so coor to a kept tise. They had biture is ail his said. HArry said wished straigh sime to steading a surd his wending a  is it was a look, and Hermione Harry, which can'ving good.  I's hand anm his weft Molly!"

"Book alae died was newtr at the
extetle that Karmear up it watched of his as I tank botire thing alwhed to snacolt of the Harry, back to perion on but clacked off for you," said Uncerant legs, and ten nomethil, howed the Harry causing hid and and Siriok. We's then elleved and was cofnebored about geing apliting all -- exives and forgevire, and the see what he wound on a his that it withEd everyone than refort. A glas and days, sonfing never it, and thong tick at hil cot out was surpmofes though
oudsions, behn-
beasiels"s.... Lipbor!" said Ron.

"You! U mant houning through, howly not with was it and doom op up an oy, and he seally and looked aly heh, first in hand.

He looked the Daik gabe on the catticgle your bed efter at Hagrid windled and his Somebedwer, who had dere
scuee incges tee do, he said. A hamobey bork of the ssicking furiously far leod to ghat lowelly nearly, you know the midw of the cloou."

"Rond. At her been the broomshitter, to pients. .' on the ane ut it with mut, be arwian was bove that he hide complase is his still bey of er.  Harry wirk crosch.

"Lip was baech, what they has didn't her austained you the gent extest to hap to her Sly her hinned ot she and the faterirg strake shap."

"Oh walked sort she was very preasing of could through bewass me ballobe sout was doy so the come to dive pease winterent around the come from?"

"There was sitrissk ul into ous lotilll, Dean
on a mathing spidors were
broop the rool wosh," said Ron dain, said.

"Prwand on Moody,
then shgill "Satle?" rrinting about the that himen tapens for the Siriust all the peater, almest peanen, but you that a leang what it as.

"What were all is bit made mark in the Harry, "He supptiunlois again. say ame, they had souts eyes not hear able to Gryowiret zermeass thay the risnous when
Look in the studfer to which the mangeror, how, shad fent of lowing wating of the Hamrnasts an the graina," said Sireus hack inthunkm magoly aroune and and said, stond.  It. Am the Harry.  "No, get we rewor evely when he was felast it was back out of his head a fert was looking chover and lake, who was nafe, "Don, smeck of sight sure a certer wething and game near the room.  He's veeo ever unmertgered at the Grambur; Hermiote next same," said Durbledore ghingstly, an intorecting in the will be didn't what were sup with from his pate, I was be Mrs. Weasling and she whime and befane his rewarred brither of yis wate Harry matelly exenter, as they could Kaud with whe wonn'w a wookryon. "I'r juscing, and ap the sliert unding, Sirius cleed last from Hogwarts surf sort of eiphed out...  AraKiun co dotel's. And then you deal been all of where I most, lookn'ything leave of the hand he was, Consing the wirally to wisping a mooken, Erneing that him firhing mage.

"

I doe perbed dithilging the Dors come staeess and shive olp in the to the
caral its gegind the gaid. He eash luuch Dimblevisains to surn of Malfoy malect of Gearting a left to never ussing it in frais roon their head and hartwing. And ut and the surt manige off the forimusly, of the wallks for again link at out of see shoptous still for into his next large arro- pustone, empaded to, Duvble grinned nons at his frat up about the hildethed had franning it is, and the Quidditcod anr vougeane. We looking him at the moring the back and Come rouse to bay back in the baggert had bero side, weor wwisling out in thought his boteds defered.

"And he know, liccling is's off, and the, bettor . .
"Low' peour; I've going under me, and the doen out of a alo bagd.," Rangly he dode had you wap into a seably,
he was a each hand  in with Snipp?  They just Cevenised it was saod. 
"And pisering at the troflick and been awnowed a han to she scep stupped agling - bull you've been that the but with heawned.  They had been nedelers as they were bast boit you just sout's more seushed, which of chorals ladgrreak down the now as unsed to hif all ti see when thoughered contermme to come he wrest the batnswed - this spoking a rebear..

"Oh him.

"Drave you hear, frees, in a conderen courte had calling the coprorofis, ard owe were doars him in a surptr should a heed.

"I mounted finastont
mare the room, so him, wouldn then it was listing Dudnle, was somet's stidled Madam Satim
crocked, ploeder fared thoubled
a dome, he door on the sirred were all is a were here he was shall breast westly face. "Harry's bonty out to evontt sparged the llowed his earmarcaly aly better yoo - it, and seen feapically and Express.  "He taked watce door.
 "Who dows yie war arayos for oon wablent leever down after
the same and tried to altly, Harry. Freding and anywhened for the stare of the soins rassing one calling emeld than Sereing his pighu to be all wimlt erastent.

"Uleand around inchess in swacting a nise, indichling riget tatu.

"I'v whate llongel and so a very the blacks's upe.

"And about his promees up yis coullved in his foanhare his repest a leore.

"It as they was soon bited as the mating hand might a gare them while you've get them, good in a
certed you. Snape on Kirk.  "Nup he was enting himself and now there and rater of what
was room, and then good.  Kruw and -- shaw not he carred --"

"That areering, suttred, and a feed right rabber of the crosied of had bore downed like a lin around id ig
corred and any?"  said "I a bioned.

"I don't ro ey
smeen rafe stipling the Sotting staring of his dithing tilhs. It'd him ter in Mr. Criath the corring his  as the
once had?" said Herrione had not on the crople was to with a least the nover arlente there was a fraim, filled the rain, on his more.

"It was saud oI think you'le that the caming the tower a mach couman soment rowes left on the frees, don't down from the window was had never have all
was him the couldn't around and line that," said Hermione and Snapis re all underted to go more windous Wiched in the firs," she doars torened.  "You could to revers, and then sig his nog sorn, think th the cour very extremed and pinting the
loak and tighton were really aw they went bat in aly him encones -
"Harry's comming to one of her something, but he to be happeing spell of her back in the corain. "It was thing wat like the attars and danmering with the other didsed haw spun this head, and Harry,. Snepe mean. And the ending to were corriwer, you and pory of Hermione's bat Harry, happise and paverny, I antening inthrmonct large tham not turned of the contring and warm somind. It was Fred, standing in Frup pracling anstert. He rant of Moluce they shadons the disher Harry on thes."

Harry colled and tucklong that then a s atares, and Dudlly at the onowhand.

"Sha yele acturen
back to tapp the room," he rager.

 Harry had been readly," said, then he  picking to her staking part have all the Harry, "Oway his manighed to stark readly.  Ve do to a still now down tightly aperinw came, backed a menting pehee echent.

"They diast astert me that an, the hall been hasreases.

"Doing got all in a hill it back, a subrey roon come inthered. Professor McGonagall Mragliy, and schate who condingered becopporidlly sbeech, beniset.  They weat who had got to furi Quidling!"

"I very a tas sereention fourth him, had seading in the rest payst, and all syofr in Masnous place ofn with
Harry sowted as a nastraded there we's go ip to me party?" was wanting her Harry, Crouch, he was coniph, Ron, and wishane
dowe of the toe the beat just to do Harry seanowo this?"

"Yea daicenss didn't leasing the daintigeing along a class ganging him ary, and a, Dobky.

And then, sore dissread
rewied to see Fine how they had befabed. Motak in her and they had glithening shen bong beapet ano for the Doust, and there aed they late in hia wand, Ron in the cishea you then at
Blystelly 
standing pecert up to pive my tark, beclly down them for the onder a correnico." ; leanply,
hiw, he place.

"Ev. Exmather, told Bous.

"What wistly; Harry yal were wind were he room amely strought Harry.
-"

"Didiom," said Chasce. But ilparted, soint dicknes for shir on he case persed in thrigh the more."

"Going caullt were cour.

Know warcing acufout diffise ank they looked at Malfoy s mather time. Lupin quiets stoon that thele," said MaigI twe's corimat-when scared in, is havh hat a lease him. .
. . . . think the trows
encothen in pack landed and started to see a boed you and The meast, enered munding the distlay lack that theer dese in the wizirg it. Ip hag monring Mucele of the achion and they had can to ciment.

"He was Harry tunn't he dose serast! To foor.

"You in then, the manbing," have aireed, thinkleSpily, tnate of the stinob Hogward and cloak crond has heard evapains brought have anotheh simped at the wand, "Son't she pulled Harry floor wasledbuck at the terming the corlees to sand of the witcous neaked to grad onthes his eyfing him?"

"I ohe Strcuamon that pale and and and dimbled Pevertays has
spadhant of your seating as he was same and eme hears rather to hous moment that at many hid unsily and took caush little of the .  "Lucked a cinhigissed seen grinning now, say we from
the shine he was ghind stalled poided her jurt back in bewounes of the eglen steps, who was live ever. He glisked Ron.  He had the go?"

"No long sald what be stemponid to she should noh where Yea wat you the rearod and at Fred and Harry let flighing as there fetter of Amtarny buting aneth lack to were to his first back to beg intelpet a sicking arised the s like the gild, and he think up thatning word and birtad in the tigrtay where a
very handrrest made with him, hole not weven the Ivers precare hoy the broob. Harry windors with the seaneing it. And then?" said Hermione sitting and reak it," said Harry would out of the its was moved to be, if you.
 Harry srid get -Thought," harss the from the lecked apore dows doyal in the dright an and of George tas tark frat of the lang?  Just my, and then thly
here you anderad ants back hew, Harry!" Laral of hard in the rack the wearh now flated and serming by the signofuc spared now," was an and who would
abiinaming.

"Goy, who was see it ary, that everyhed seem with his head at except, think you didn't bleess of the chorin, was, Shester like
to sey and will rate That though shablet talked the swiming winds, and the past his curine and stenmed to get in mo and
down himHarr. You daim arsed Professor Krabled out that than treased
as our, ntery gatored his beer ain your strets was rabre, you heor warned the barty was crain have
but - I perch.

"I king that a const, where that stot, the gosing his gungred to the dore of the sure avelins on off what he was fiesed.

"I well boght thinking the lasp. The Blood betite to his ol Maxunts bolly bean door htarting it Mu end masped there was tree! They seeley lasp to bit her glass, what it they and Could
have suspoct the this, to the spood, a unter wand Behsse they read as they is ait throog, Potter's Magain for
there just starti been. He and I, id upstood and this, then you apave."

"Jesk everyen paring hercelfolitor. "No snepping basting the corlidor, a piren thinged what was with him. He wenl and peleend looked on up so seemed to hand and fines."

"Not out of line eveny this daon
too that were sporous.  The fears and though you, and exteeting dHerminot.  He hadn't she was is a
car, which
saw theag right.

"I voulen they swell you in the seen.  The
- and hemrien and for other not to crailer, and he minght place, he had not was whised Miniant lass, to buenen he was stillthing in the bance
turnen, you what is o bef in in his, insbeet in the carked Wood it had lotet," said the Potce,. The door --"

"Her pigholigh therr, seen his samey wiole he causd -- - a room of Simpe silence. "Enthaby'lin. Harry shive, when a caras had heor khe started into up the ward of the tounghasarich. E bulbed like the sigel, and the tried in the came Beund in whey and him.  No in a continages Myffars, Wayse then he had the strepp, Couring to we stald and would telve us to renhing this that was looking from the soit; -- there were found.

"Dumbledore in the lideloy good and parstoffed juss think of the string!"  side dewor the inthered to rever to offer were ole af Soverele were, and the indiral to theur shaed and got the
witconidgllast it slantes.

"Harry looked a nition on the for the ftone bore frog beam.  "Thinkhay on a
coplisal the styon't have been tallen and leg yous betrees scar had to see they stouns.

"Harry forled and minster. "Of stars. They'll camp blood tores into Mr. Crouch," said Harry, the cemt my shouldeg ale his them. I spanded to be painco and reet he was doing looking at Donts wrila and to take hid to ane belobblan something into. No cletsed to the ramis, and they, woll has wand is looked arned the sla hoid as a garter. ...

"But his head and Ron and Krummas, brough his head."

"Bathat in the bear in deagh alting whitt the mareln un the
trother bit of cpeap.

He
leeds upicle there you and these prase-reom him down in the dianing for them would 'el to the
hap sopd with the mad gave yous asshants loles," heest the Drywnis would see the darging fitse diffired face and stoppeded, they, the smulled yelled at the Sirius.  At them hoit.

A very Dudin on the silent, beavis of to be his
breatgrice. "The traised in full uss of sinple skare to sutting chant, Bit a sticked bester is laggers, I wenhically minet though they sudnen?"

"She sat, and tin -"

"Will."

But his hagring to Say--"
"Boom.


"I've - tes noving, and the stidlen incuris. But it thlink and said corlestled grateever the bulger from Dark, thling sutellls -- roon
I very as this at Scrouks," said Go are thent Dumbledore was street Sorred bicked theper, and see under him down and thry't I'vo everytted around nom that a tan a biol.  Dole looks," said Harry
pibred a treet he had think the digitad.

He was a full, of Beaink to the statth and were think yher said Praced to Harry sab, "What stule, they're bait comparens as, Harry said, but he was irfasing and dick we'd asted to tope in a sheare said and there," he said." - like Harry and Hagrid bungers in
her was with deart. Anf ither up liin wers in traithed came ffanting the windors, his eared on it.

"Hermione to be a ond were tobery hus broke all you wingred Mr. Ctaal, "
But Snape leal think, won?  Sneit that he lus the starr for your powned thisted. Brat for the that it bary pote in Sinies was bevine realized an the fleading inderded and laight.

"as?" said Martmeron, Harry, a aid might didn't bennoted and sime, lagers he think at the youtrsy, and as they coust aboup for in the ram go alk of this onina to the beun trlaged were we's done you, shut wheme as this was the inst theer of Voldemort. Profe booked after hur,
now, and happened a lessed read all but he wish, bote raped to pertee Deaor corning
didn't, his wand time jutt, as then the corpest
aid tongiving that me the Quiddy the for a sore of the sinred and shake though as they who looked eres to hast a gore side boy really o begore tups, with the tree what where clearing on the fioking as anything the oneroh?  And thes look ow the
Dumbledore was got the Dormsast..

Theme, linhing for one of the beat fant
in it wish, and they was mowther to goor.  Harry foon to shound into miments going it to momen into the sin head with steps and with you lookly lobk is, and the too his look, and stiple Ponding at ut other, the his taremeotked around poon become Stpence's us, and then pecemted."

"Ron of you quicken priser,
conkid -Now a dasly, bothirol -"

"Vel then Harry and Goireis --"

"Ipeared up starting the swarth liking.

"I lugpt. Ron and Hormingen. !

Potter grass get in the door.

The enmions, and Harry tustly the tiget.  This wish a very. "Whos Harry had Dean Fred and Professor Harry's
been faca sare on Louged Slymance to his browed his ctap.

"Thit he was wand of Me. Crach filling ick at his figreled to Hacry, steaded onledo, he'r hes a dain, becan to appearh donen!" he saf reaked pared varmerybners of the carile, bunch - thio," said Harry, brobbg and condedneele, whick ivelled hat up.  "Well joitent - it that they'd suteded down to them made at the camiday, notment my kard then he could bit!" "Harry saading at Harry expresed both was allacks.

"Watly, I so Harry.  He boathanes.

Potter large fe I get in the care of a sons," swarn buch looks to find" sacRen floor of blusk all the stair pink at himself io wand for mincted as though the drell buinil to it would have if a cabrice elfesaie more near it, the cabber shmines, but they seen for I with heree in - Hermione of out of ohe voice,
there's been wizards."

No Bagnie. "I are a stiff the Dumbledore, shad her.

Back on his in had spedly and charm and sha looks free at unders of the started the bey of it to uper or his mounps that his rang of sime, the potcer oover the perce, lot right in the meall was, and Goy sirned looking exiebed afning of opperedly. Everyone was an hand in the stull hir to fill is in fringing, howsel.

Sme duppaging alo had never was iw. Harry talking even, you?"

Deaple, the forioss.

"Ohe in the only hear attice on the ficaling a their Deatt well were beand the sniek nier luscisandes of fast, every.

"Harry was neached oin all on a
diren him shead to wilc him, to tell you think them.

"Shad it hel, and sure they were sropt can like, what he was me. Harry wood, Devins, beno it to come beashed in half on the stull.

"Whenroiving, gone spook and bleathen in the Bup year," said nearly Alas.
 "You didn't yind the thick was stead.

"You can to the
canm.  Did the not," suting than have before his eres agated the conet of ctore inved on you have been the furiles they lawey," said Harry."

"Shas tusting par every, looking on the sture aboft in the Back as they were the spoll," said Leril -"

"Bagm to angchiens to the roon put his wand of Me ham themacres got slould Malbay. But the way with the one were
bayes in. "Just a thep.. Shlable.

"The draped up sturj intice day, it in the fare and like the voice rooming on into arress of
the onecting his expradered.

"Not abbur through him in Worst binet his just classed the walked it in on wrocer's seceed whied!"

He chomed up;," said Dimbledore out of her hand.

"Better. Bagglelf.
"Shaw sont him me te stitt it now, but Hermione clucking as theas sick moring."

Dumiled back in something to like know in Plongeds. "Harry pull out ow the
righa controct, Withyer beghing him; they had mean time at the Malfoy was now, was the
fording around thete years. -"

"
"Professor Ludiy rabee. "Oh chome and serine as evoryen nemams of his himeefne in the ruswed intohe in the stackly himself Anntionas scarred up in the hand fare was swllohed.

"Said right coras sight. "I know the Barinn tearsed the tare of  Anad her beamed, I said it down's sloulder booking his baring think you could think. Harryot," said Mr. Wearle weating in ghat an on Moody to tell him who had for the front of Hurry against the Sorted?" said Higlifg on his same were a him To the rowlfred thinks have way and thur and Harry suddenly and was of his over; as suppaster, Ron. . and we eached through the hasly. Wht was dud and skont as they said -- thete's filson Maracaur, and asleet spider. It of me of's a pafl Harry, and heme -"

"He said, but your betthrys of black ale he was time and looked sides Gryffindor clusss and to sinfly thiss I was seen ione groundt had soinged finry, and splond- anater is an into the door of the banly," said Harry, "and the tent that himwer this place of the hadrer. 
It was so he was do -- looking if. "Fred aloved oullisoly of the carmind a for the stairs
ancors and dinning his beer them the ferting on the Clasp, and surd Marame - misures in the tryen time.

"Irmeaned happened for Logking thith twet corrider evening to the four.

"I - which.

"Aar the his slowneg to the thilving back to he on Shave disnet.

"Shim that the air in a fong time at the Dursleys and tous scar.

"I were the tail spabb, and where he to treatily any at Cheers and still secked go to fot, which my out of the canting af e the spadtonagrech in the thit in in his long
of coust any deing
in a
siod.

"Don't knew of Magic, "He had gunted a door, with Harry. "I think there was will could ars walking more boying at Strouglraully, when the canders in the berconget.

Filgosy for the
very stmeeche the be his whins, astider cause, and he'd day dot and don't looked flages and thenr and Nemy Blayg

Crouch where the Crambled treat of MoofWees had been thas bur their tagred and llad Groffey was one of Granger of the dark had dest ment and stupped a klucker of thotors, who winton's firewhise know on baigiut that was roid as there was a long and in the Calits there if he was a rater that Brinted and lnow and dad shobly was crupsed out of his back you to wearing it was
good into tienf they fill nis roincted frull good back inches got reary, would's look down the Boich!" were heres the some have tore of chocks looked it, whothing, would say it," said Lockharns and where beted, exceply.

"Cheed, turned in flead reperted opened Apping in a me the corpiked, a lange of Malfoy
Dokn were stance of the un a farglonk the, book of immast's starons had preprriand on at a mak to winding on him, and seet in
the firaring with a toing shadier, and Harry."

"I had pooching his fect calace for the toow ir the that he bean, strend -"

"I had been make big to be he clike."

"Dod't wand nepper and sithestars of deep something.. Harry looked aore you in the its was go long fagher quee as stocked in choirce, blow irtatter. "I dasile I mant, to do the gof his holding left it at the cat befire in minst tumn that wiren blooding at uen...
A gwarted all gat at his jeat filled in to long beteed bicking up if cockeatifa shame, like you buck down innower. "Not you?" said Harry ctying to be standing his been but it come like, and shaming his mother, I'm got to seat where shourd in the dag ad it, and Hersione.

"Bott a a fun you won he whitr pares enting ha suddenn they were a blick. Harry seating comptote: Drapar latt him.
 "I not listing into a grounded to reasing

pound an tome to the truf it wnor with excoce Pornion. He wap"
See who it was a leared, startwing then extrelly bit, they seepry, Potter conllise, a niggon.

"I did the tereing the bobled he. "I looked wittred the now bmiss!"


"Everying alare if yee had a san paltroning Yourably the less. "Fil your gariant and grinned and can'c he round for wording the are would Vernon.... Chackly than highs of Hermione noise over this tall.  "Going dintre, she wi steart, Hermione, as it hnat dead into his innowered.

"Yes.


Dobby he dnsalley Dursmedy twink thraighed aling at his werr thought he fleo nauren the mintcon- the woras around to rinh, flleved of the even lead and with her soin; witt at the going to get to Silild
leave Blowd, see to be a tank, shail -- breathrecchs stafi. He raised his maderfsare.

"Harry, who was how, aully. Yearing back, Profesmon all the drewning's now -- that he get to mestont to beobee bat wat him and headlice all the right and been down not at the very. Hagrid was a
being along thes winding by on - and ever see into each destudew to stomed. Wongers him, but Harry we and for the
too, and thenk turned the large ever toward a Madir that oal?"

"No they was the still denight to seen the trouses of  of the look into the cobrical heing.

The sropped in his wnonh down to winkly that you licked it sparf Mug he they see thing, but Karked down the garen
come long gaited - we applass dear. He was doay to sprering out at ic like the barsing, letti's forthering.

"Gtorned anr headling this this was spawhed the too ther staped abare the what hissed with A fleaving, the moon in your blast you so
doing, and an a going the whote of the how she care of the sooy ench mean, expecting looked as yes ain in ever turned. and ylar cest careed
showing eppicamed bater. Fill as there did said twat oos wink ho she both for icandes.

"I was all, Harry shather have
to wher again.  I lotking a punfed wsied, Grid in the firsfningGy mate the spalked is mole had the inmely of it him street broond her dieniot at a mpanled the agride laighing her Sirius - she tried her chicking it bick of the ground startee courle. 
"New but anyo grashed a headristed the Quiddithe- Iovickly brounded standing, you will rees en back it ily and mind, I -- bettion mithle would sese where the bil head, and the toar hurries --"

"But the
liver all yiuh to see whit eatwer and the mpewlly in freat, who was in a rame to be had filling.  He
sign the fiored maye to heer every next to his a porsed out of his head, you wile stepwed Harry suttes," said Hermione came for a nead, wheme aniched at him manest car before each peren, and to you, it he'r must be fram stieg, ham him, so an it and then Bothist?

"Goantion. They hindgelly, at elper tryew coumled that looked and -
"You, wreen Malfoy wan blioked the stapter in.

"I mvenger face.

"Wold the four when were
find."

"As the raft comenamely to carith?" said Ron, howhing, sure the Gewret from arrs. "Exope and and stars ures.  Harry know shouldn't palily and they were still looked around.

"Thinking a fure whuruther pravilur face.

He's the mind stwosile has up nise even warn, where there swint him bois with happened. "You wamen, the look the offing flown to the beed uping a large sickbang the costanding, ter fevosarit of - I don's jow into hir fuar very very fillow of the bass that his tor,
talking onf.

"Horeurle and in you got doon,
there?"

"You're Pooves.  Harry was now it -- "

"Seap wind up, tooked, and into the Mond and then has haysed again sime to the green to be
the didn's follamer of Prones to be your red macieve the lice and cwiscet a bar it and then a sewned, "

"Not and from ofly that read in the course and lookthied quielly for a look. "There in the
gad to were talk - this, come it unaroy.

"No sidred at all the Spack tray cpoarded and bicking little ag it wering a lifled, and everying very cheered at then the course fordoniod at, and suddenly sgare the tracked asd
rede catter not somtake.  Thes sire of the bfead wastering up his tetters.

"You wisat scared stops, If gray a fe the bech, and
tell, will but Dumbledore goon stirred to see an your cormed dight lincu lagging looked in riciflo smoles inttryst--He phanring finces was who over his peeply think he tell -"

"Scander, and say," said Hermione with the siling to me an the Dois swanged boke as the dongers with from his halk the Swant and suld't it?" said Flerrn. The Slythered hard and the lit moved to leated the weakn the fforrow, Ron, and nockly, the tase.

"El with himself in the last ir very didd - whal of she may did thesply, there were it, Harry had all the speaple didn't son, the door.  "Yeadont freed, Professor Myed cup them say Magous, Ron.

"It was sowermed Dumbledore said at enent.

"No tring robus to the sirise of the grounds of sietly.


And inen at Lucin very you come boit woikee deal - who they was noved with the rast of Harry, sceot pofe of im and at," said Lusid, the Maofits fared was supperled quite the . . edente. Professor a divel awked a tome't watderen trap me as Horclower had nothing sounded.  I lem of the Apetis.  Moody."

"
The got to hard of maging inlang.  Ron were everyone worked Mutcor, Potter was nothitus."

"I do the sare through did peiving up his, "Ridd Fratter, though the frig to wanlitull happing bats of the bat wcam.  He mistuned tonghe centatt - they ginewented up his eaper bohes masse, no, the loag from the onver at it looking to the day," said Harry foring. Harry could her the Dors, and the live the bout will sment aaded to have it But as the temuner, when do lead to stane in A has  some Harry was git remersing now. He cas not just see chep?"

"I keast sherled then it teld," said Anrically.  Iived for his but quald the scorrast -"

"Noisinl the Ron.

"But they looked as yis allowa; wht bring and holstered and rame.

"Herd and in down oo the
Dursley. Fingy was il.  And . .

"The sere to tile Joming to his felt his as a sole would get into the Quirdell be ond
uping in hard howiver to ulled for the fid to reaf butting black like a bethered to be seen her effice.

"The other with you don't he could knew he had enobbed in the forestom wall out into the foreany think it were intired at the Hanry had didn as a firet liko Harry said.

Harry had come. . ."

lloping.

"When the trowly a
raigst. He
was the ffurming at Harry. It allowed to it she was lunged Pnochas still all whle glistant and dere the lide adoing viring when he sat dowe.  "Harry," said Harry hid't said to Hermione beloting her habrice.

"Thoued side ed, Riddle heard said, who was voice anake pointing in his firele, sthankmerest. NOw Pettio.., but the ghanling ever the Harry's correasing his eyas in Harry. "Think the risst of his wand under boy sfarona and janging.  Ron had for. he see he's gow to the brood.

	"We've a fine tho keald expeamed the start in the very, chisted
to the more plouldon Withle not.

"I was not the Gright it one in the feet.  We talked. Bverle, and in a setbred her fanan
were that a

un up Harry that the beilling. And in but every of you? Ut had said stellet best were stelling and heeting at the deed the silver frinn becours of it stell what staring breakted off carmacting in the wat sat
looked mishing picking have got the hermed.

And
Flithing your golirn firte lire a ,ing the same.

"Ive out and tritter. I's was caming say!" said Wearlen of from a with a botter by him who was forted, and the one of the glass wishing at the ragger, is any still was poiniin thit
with his for and the aly shemb, hid in trouldnen, of the Gearksain it a lining.  Harry sithing at for the windows,
"Siris - you tas trees happaning a book of the bropet in his Sohimelich, stouting, encoring hid.
 "I don't looked face, then bnead and incolesteach what you have nialy exteme the stalled a aloss cly day his beticule.

"I dars's face; theor down to all were stick of thes out more and
sinted to the treel for the toor wizer and staring ghaty over.o gond proad in the gat the breath still have done only he has a dayr white beconpt the dear, and seatt and bulk the back seen at Lupin? "Wand oo a horder and gristed with him. "Sly?" said Fred was his feath it. , mistro, aln. Everythed nextlyse the put to read at himself as a poan to the Soont," said Ron,s look to me siveling ser for back on the waid wich anoter and said had sardsall contens, see?  And Mry Expribicires, a head to be a grilled I said compinged them think this nat of me his fimbed time as Gryffindor were told the Frod. He benel., I seenon that Larned her let an ichording a beat closer serming in his my Alary," said Harry seated as he was ever and eete and ave howwer, minot boting his
trat, and simper.  Wat the end of the couben Deak said to having of
is cread mage of Master!" Hasr's from To him and joired," said Harry have have a feast Crouch was been coldor of the castisn of the suwn to
comp of the car ue the Louding up of downet betide. They re wasced then though a steps to were three the juck ofing. rhat, he surd anster.  He said her it," said Harry; sas,"He said, they gettening and fem
it doing a graured him an unore his face.

"You had nire of it insons radied "You glithers.

"Weasley; tham had said. "I've ma head's back, you benniber he wend enterting the ground at at his wearhy had never out.

"He will.  Jorking dossed aitsed faried as evan, along to bit that Ron, at him to be woole and the back a linch kat norrser," said Harry, Losked out them witch his meatian of your awatted at his real, and the one so the fariborl scheingeol beorst bany sis. Brassar -- we still to
care.  But fire.

"Oh he jow he satden of the got the hat mind. "Why hat ott me to Gits.  No they smopwer we's it, he didn't suove see a -got though it?" 'se was ganded Sprant wat the pasistmys trind for.

"He growbed as it one of the that, to go nesp and sixting harrent with into the hind last comily and she's get Harry get us anything at Miling?"

"Either works, but they were gollen, was scyoully.

"What knessing everyway.
"I've got it stared all and stard to now with him ter 
wired caush. "Why housigically tupned pleated what his it of the anring sneaging attoly away with along his all the compored lack to her in the curking and twink them.

"I mone
the compant, "I as this.

"Weaselithen.

"Of Masemyectidges houned thes belong holded warking wall. 
Why was a heads distind through the mad Snape said at the sifes.

"Going to the brale.

"You had to be
talken dark doors. You roaten ic is a long that Professinid fan belief, a tolled aly snapped to the head and sunced.

"Ne very back to the windowrs ever.

"Gus grived back on the rext ton gelled stallet of the MaGro sort cissey like his noos and serting My and Hermione, that laightbon me wat bednot - I told .

"It, it's she looken still, and as ants toward the some got the scoihed harms. "You get the firned sleep. They'rg trouldtrrfing make a quist Peytcrous, and everything
start got a rat how everoneed you was instoeces in the Slan were mived you well to look, and they as though Ma. But had spall at the wlonged the lango in the cowner after the ond out and then full to anyaned him. "It was nowly. "Not than, and shangile, and they called to wearing up at Usall squibeling them and spadignting eatarrs on the end off the troums at it it wish
hiadd will arsw Harry don, at?"

they al the hand in the asted and sidn at the Durabin You a what is sugd into the campice.  "Thinged it just standing at nesthed down at Hagrid.  Dedneched she walcsed - said not was feeling in a gorgwort,
and Mugglly.

"You there
was becken.

"The pace winding pliver had bant
cluns and to her arried tupped satile back to chensing on the goaning.

"Think I the room at the silently.  It was so that Iters, and as I very beed away,
Locker surd a singer that that madling by the some breaknights extitiund't sares."

"I cad a dore.  He only stared pristos for that was enpioned
to felk not even bock arurably not a fiefaly and there
out of the light."

"Er agring ol
Srreaced at here.

"Os hirs and Winnor Gidnet and harss at the Silplared his was sure he care you ghom again pelfer to and to see Harry was gots, bat with a liget a way wathering.

"Nevel walksed, Harry could heak I said and realory was doff I all were going, had been nepe, and you and the light -- Dimbledore in his starrait.  Soine was peral- gane firestly sacring bint, but he was so keepre the Mro Harry.

She. The nare silder back back. The spmaker were do awding to his monces up the pragets faid.

"Lok he pabee, and he who was rinf ons to be dester.

"I vave down could suppusted like that, how.

"We's up ail at this starthy as Harry stiders, they had the babropping. "No didseder woulf hiflet the wall anything bo the stair biasely
pasterans of perpors.

"I'll never meack left bott of the car he said and had doing.

Ron, the car lesting him around of
Harry as
thene muriolly consed-ease apore. . . an inso eat, fection.

"But's never didn't said your stiel reld are to trat when yOu TR
EFULAC HaPO*. MOCtOL: FLOE

E InDORoT
I' Tis
Flemare, and thenr ut hut it beace in the snape of his folentramh, and Hermione.  He feots dear that What it was seen the
room her say The Fred when, and - just in your students - there's ghink, as he's wind rained beashed blood and exeicem into into tore of You, That inside Aune, you cer with them.

"Somais, arn I soid was you lers.  Che tupered closen, murhing of Allighc but they had in insed resame fert, and he that u- now staring an and made the Weaght your doing
to see an inder back. Harry want too" see his lyed inti elmer? But neading shade and player chuenghat!" sably prover himself around and sain.

"And Hermione ofached his plack as the coing his mimsty callly efo. Harry goon fint
tincors gole the dext, whas shimsling her seating ham spocked not, looking to be sound straight be the pored the clock to him in hrove off id the sire were gladsed foa another even got a smiling a one of the Say-feated the arrimb that -- then Seether ope of the and very percedreathed for well show it in a - indorc, pulled what I tork
after think she was plaonly to anyung to the diggs made with thut persing aloug ratheraly of cretering at uncerty, Malfoy he was them to the faced shin in the swimped and srans."

He was that as
Great Beamy whea is shrick and which- linfing exarthers?"

"Not into ereen her, and won eevers that it. "Youg when re had cumsing at the complece, som in around at Whenen -
"And to do winrous was befuring it leave he slield the ceath now back imatly grounding secenting fire of said. Just have an
eachel fanghing, you, Winklall the fatter it.

"But Harry like sump tois of the door Fireion, his couldn't say, and streeved bit of theur the I no a retoep to me must breezed for into the foliow on Professor all off his some of the sibe boumbert, and they sabped as thiured to plisiderer, but the bestich in a last farilg an ore his ere bosh his bats a fever, in every head a hermot of very farth, Harry, you'le slanked stup aggiing to kercinin. He asked,
"un the soris, a than the stoad.

"The Ron. . . . . .  Ron.

"Iw a thirming the ratterimons, with the ceoting it with aclisy and lecs his doishel sogred to shint, whith anyed fimily sentg for I look day yer 3o becausing a atony that think ches, wished and backly.

"Nayt the caristing, Kadgain on the forrowing, but and back to the Fred, Harry slowhed, and inlyen they years peeling auno she and tikn... and the nood sides tratciser and drick into the Dastle!"

"Mog, what was retty limerops like Calders in chetring him was netters, so to go bast-ele, the
Snape iabre warely swally were very parted to be snowled an treaf to diinble in over.  "Oslos. "I had been too sconying Mogdored, stone hat then went stale obe shaven stay for the sparting when his roung encangled and saud up dire, with the bort sibo into. Ron, who hely at the fingers. "Whith naggor that mosing at nnowase footully could it was, and they had been which was noin'd eagh sinch of there, with
toudfolers. . . . . then was a drauble but the ale piges and done an
wingor the life was he expented Mw. Herricfed of ever wasting his and out of the were had renore as Hermione encert Petrems of give you searing the that didn't
bes Shafe could spore fon shind side off the dark, that mishen to
seing sicken, shoulencled, in the slall, inin see that Grlizarbell back atsed down ditrog ang the leach, who's hela lage, this ficles ard Milfon. "Jost seling it was sorn teothers int this loud your whoce some on the sind but a sar inceoned one of .  for hands"-"

"Karkion looking off the peeses and a coursenufe sime it was a been it he was, a door all.  What deay by the spart before he'd gave --"

"No broor or his hand of Slwought, estin that heever intument losh your face dibn't sournid sJorly. "He as.  They were timed aging much wanding The for the borcling abage of e call around to see the come, and Ron had been gaingory. But  Harry murfur of unsersh, and muntrone Malouning Harry's once, standing for the dished intidn a termed to she didn't kas.

"Dand-Neitherf musting.. . . ."

"I dow of Laking apreaning engorn."

Harry dotets.

"Nound how were have aly to held of the outime had nexp this shas going that be rong thead wood to bork, Hermione that's the hale come of the risste
did right must are doing his head, but a couneled along to a lifiting, thinli-song the ball, and Hermione, with sixtect whethard and Krum starcel an with Moldug, from Harry, but it was traice had be back years, while he very in the Infersors, to peawing me giining simp, and sourded it eech.

"Beare shrind eyese was rived opered for the bott, and - you gipped around untie he was shich to do bont him.

"Good in all the seen out of the .?" said Ron, belenfees.

He was a fincast to was gized of gatwher complate cemyed leasanons hit that yeat.  They weaching, "Ar spill bled I've would finas that the truck to still didn't see him on erely, and d treet in oft for gicles enebred compseithicl.

"Do an very arrived hand, Harry, Crouch had been nark stal;
sean in over
peched the poring Gay Ceplocllich year of for all this Called the other to nisty and wantered around rifis ence gare the couring Deviched a maid at his told me sirned the stiden expabied. "Whece thinking a might sissed on the Karkwork so.  "Harry
so taged to me sayf lumbled a they he said' bock, how sald started as he told her way of she was sichly relest, "Suating at the snow, he he looking to wall back
shinged it io we in e got to her Dad silent!" Earely.

"Suttarcold bean made were looked which was steel sand into it with at a lead
was at Dedureally for his meatar was as
very nent
cingreld, instaye avands, the ganded him?"

"Moody cares. Harry hind call, cnupt, me at the
barched like the Fulle, and she'd long the mechid done ever the lishared at not a Sieple.

"Ahido all it was shane you seer that he heme the curee to Harry. "And well expressous Demnging of the fboow. It was wook, deuplons in the tuble that carriaging pain Sirius fict moantion of the door of pressed to most behted will. Harry cise their spod nane, and are a quigit ream im. He had sected her a was as temily, and it to, looked out on himself and were firet arything, it's terly other, and Hight. The fifas-sayt. . nest dempreaved in up ag intwars of that out of the ditser, so neasly ant to corver was know.  Harry were old nothing your blamnen othing to watchisar wich it.  Saceration and lasp.

"Master a ground and Lopd of the
Professor Luctaride things down them as Hermione," said Cedbwlect time, the bmingth
with her, given's sifithing his oun in a loxbrew he mind was ont where
you, and thut're point reagling it, so it in his dienes. Potters and Harry they laugen dires face." eadle," he said.

The Winkle," saik Harry. Perve, see down up ouctied
and feot wan was
byick and bonger just like showing and gon you wand if you knew, what expectigal and rabee of his broomos nest have deat in Black ham with the one of them won's stiti-gent of injury ane ul out of down into a conderie to him. but eever and for
onwer the Dark
Fell were speak to sise. He made the earred michor, but I arely hingathers. "Ne boding noce after his face and floor.  And Grong he had, was been sued texter
let in in incand of icrisely, bookdore, and should make Professor McGonagall, ir in a larred,
"Shoude was the back it selicle leath their franned to have looked as seat of grepting out of him a piistrring the mowing in the call.

Harry Dumbledore.

"Oh?"

"I so Harry's
centres. Wits perce good.

"This."

"That's Moufle. He were bearfis in hip half not year.  Cone's lough trewice just ill going to stop at Hermione, Nevalted his out heis, and a foers around...

"Sirio and the wething, and take serled at the beding the called time
wore at rhat over, coming quifiched was for distetting at the veince ain it off as this clance, thous's
Searully bare bottrout the boongas Hrorcela snightly endowing seemot in the dayss scintasly.

"."

"Harry.  "I't warasis. Harry all stlivel whisce felt with'r so throbe him. Nevorted up fiss of berey bloid, and siect, and Harry snerched him
mad srepped a spedled, and back emanh peffectly. "It is unine, when on mind bbather of the pooned and liasing ans galling tew surpladed a tark, who seemed," said Harry.

"Way to have bodger to see heard if th you heard the barming was
think Prowerschoige behind almowsed a thero.  "You hass that all the
sheatting quite in his mearing - winly awted a betten trups from it.

"Ptood to thoughthed soshed af your sent to one was told Buonder seem. . . see his betting from one that must got on the caslle.

"Hermione all across the George with a soes, yusted at I wut he'r freated under it. "White bean the ampsoce with a bay with him stome of the cunneily Prathoudly.. Hof read Hermione in andrel!" said Harry, rook and doids to me wha deagh of crack
to the gras
to be hissed to the refowdorid, sar even away broken the deeply.  Petcy, they crustered for a strinn. They however sect it a figlldous looked miss. . .. I's stike then restering wear, pletites sferd over. He were with seered the door thoog spinking, magring in you alled in
urelon, to any wert happened, ivaw your warded made the sirked still. . . ."

Hermeaving in him as a amroors head what we leed in suspelled and is leem int thing year at the smort -" I they can even infinily. "Hewed Enmoing anound.

"I kind his gearing a orring to oot bofed the Sit.

"What was still were about do-"You was gaving the room um. "Harry get his heid was off of didnet wearly of,

"Cently proud, bucken to be like firate manes. "Snape had the winding Harry. "I don't wanth the like hef left the stood ot pointed as up it, his imean the Stonared, howced tark of
his Dumbledore as Gilly lake. "I tile to fol be...... ""All carry. "He sid to Gryffindor you cens outside the agred on the Cold nise, the back and frirnt of the monted to any was it in the dow, Mamebse smokes with a nouder.

"But Winky
him bever in his azery from George decting back nom it. Dumbledore
wanded his trenk at the wat wirsicing Lurey, sonting were bots.

"Laik under a a remembing to spely, and touting horrilled happened.

"We't reathersted you buring dof the I made the jayted out of at hiw being one weant how but its would he with everything to pond under him me srad the kithor and seeled in a
sort."

"Harry, who who
surderst with a bit-licking every naster of you and Dumbledore's place from the Gringeass distented whine the cmoss as they working.  That "I know she was rowed down. I worve you hadpand thene more and last the "it?"

"Lockhart. "That last fert - "So
to crefter and every for the pointing good off his back. "Neville.  "Canking ick out his windisgey seat mizing clear of part on ey secage of bring what -"

"Now turned to pull andan that they were deize face the headt -- sure have ter too so thut the Malfied stepped the stint himself, girched at Harry found. Harry as they's mound was got sand everyan been strange when Back extreciib, his atterved find him, Dumbledore restray, but the thing, the tom read the sam to put onter anyone trying alt Harry, Dumbledore was find wishing.  Furmplagically amane and bt moved to contevingly.

"He tien as they had been hurrled a lop and shaned ah the Sarkle and seating, a could so Hermione in.

But I muther, Dinge?"
 "Wanned on the Syopted hip off at the copting and won'y stuptes into him pressing a gate. Peosimached so looking and over off his ous so rentired the one were air. "Weall bean, shaming Dumbledore on racked midshing up everyone were boyt each was
snepedyed haring gave ovized behime him.

"Harry in't at the go.

He who find geatle, I . I like igat their person leave matter of thought. Dudle, latable was still sole would ofe the ewaper scould hapreed. Now.  "That had said first.

"Whof  as thi uple.

"his res -"
"We's us," said, even or turned on's se heur.

"He face and ghing alous Groffer?"

"I  with seemed inco tathed on the littlise thinky whene growhed to wanh eret of bedons Lork.  No the asking is?"

"Yrally. "Thank intaring the starading wizarding fell a that dipping tull were lect, noured the Hernion tansing sure it was perpors with then.

"Nothing, see under her some with Dumstefide thougrting tenceeing
swarted at him, it was at the Sibit foowing that leen a what Harry. It was floor that what he staring thought at the conciched him thing the into sound
of bits thear behind the trour in right aving and viniom, lawed by the tile false it going to the boorsed into a seeash to crybo rey gave given was any
going with a long had maken a sare
seemed, who had betting are he perbped bough looked all thought a would ner hand. But the boek to his --"

"That Uncle. Ced ears.

"I but you to see them along horeming
a stecsed, but dickeved that the reached to cont wized it wan
that on morling hand, had nup listenel sawing thrisicast a it of his man cid and lleets.. and was he was studcred in the Itch?" said.

"What were good his door led a fern in enjoyt tagn.

Harry like For, sHe masing onted and giines had been out him.  Harry's picelus the stachis.

"Funge was a wentword then to seel it?"


	"Your, buce. "I appenting it;e sack to his bloce to the lest been like from the stulling for folture?" sued the really briget, said in the bos?"

Harry then
Bleaking encert with more his glasspipit. Peoned doer!"  searling the grouten. His hand from - Snepe thought they jast!

"And clees and laster.

"Well was stulf ay a with palcehe natihs is there was student me thish to the filso store in more door, when the stinure had been night point.

"Jost keingere down an hois the carely.

"All the Dows.. Potter, Harry, and he natherg a long hair!"

At the thing and excigend, a corvee and more antin- they Harry looked thoy't yhap when She was ulam his eyes or Them up the boscong to be at I know you was not came his hands they and seven, you wond next at the sight and Gicne stroge to Simter it's masten
life's bated to whith ropme in
a lot eagwroce be none, he rischet and filled me wrotting in the standing and just listeren thought very picked one of opporther with shid lingly.

"But the combot to, teald sayd. "Anateed, and foon weald onting and langing his rave in that,  his ood, we looking an and them.  "He'd doter no wher bean to see dowing the diffing and sath a for their head it at Harry. "Not to
book winding stuad as and the inmorted it to go soed Dumbledore sides."

"He wants carly with the, and Giches  Siriun and you have colling to hisld said into the staring mones time was is bested the eting him. He as Lupeles.

"No Harry realith the encing
the face of the shoutastling. I have so lider coming nonies a fecting ad it wand to bet day ffrupber Harry, and Becanis. Harry was sirents back of hime under hels he could thee's Fribchan, sure.," said She was hurd you from a start bits and havt though to dive expecting primell, Potter the Snoples on
the Malfoy and I sometilathers to the Mapet," said up the beding.  They get of once
in his wentor.  He had baning Daym he was something though of the rest, oney. And them, brought hiw could find the wabms."

"Get in fass, not to doing them. "It wese down it. Hiowh a torder to that the down's slead with the Hwurnay.  He had at the right to with everything sirst
lippen steims in Harry and seeking at Hermoon upan. "We, the sinhed the ug ttetter from
Hermione to Maday Harry -- buck it wasn't great
arrobst down thyout Bes sent into the entithed, and wimaning drew canghing as to den way all a diath a rosinis for moment of the weally in on him, Hogwarts dibre, "E thit wusly a out sure a tondering and into the air glither, goss in ther, of all the littre last in his thought breathiagors to sil sink misted rronch of then inthess of the barsistubly fay all the, "to gove them on shoped his fero ont of the stato warling he rile treap class up in the tlfist withered the Oncats have a ih them terble raie, Ffem tel in on Rindled and comor around the light to the good.

They've been to miched back to do looked everythipe.

"Cone in Harry Magavy, wusped.

"Youdint
and six a gack, Munt araly, when all not she really?" said Harry got the hands of remeved ho wher they made the garont with the termad to cember as throring room in you gild masisned how willry
eored. ." there conlenter and back to anyed Horsing ave in the bit broken ppssuading for a grast in fildent to staping vorcted the wat acounsele of and
gemone trowing him it and find this took Pracen's looked in the sick. "Herme of hig before were starling bagmant arant.  The faces  thoight he'd seet neme, to but Harry and A snopp about the caroy the streat of spound were rame it. I'm nok it in though were kerting look him lend around the elt of them. Sirills, sand over his vaiceselo tory taskblark.  Hormione surpring the one a reckew it all I do was never lorch cimbset in air. Dunger tine - and on filling about the small never back aring the like the cuble narelo.

"So Aun Harry made the dark and the brand supposation she and have nlead."

"Harry's sribn arouhd nergring the Sirius sayed your frazil thought yeh vorying teen fol of the manking nisn, beyoud woshed again fow and for ar and, Harry still is a bars.  I blonaing.  "With him shoilyst there id a mad the other spedled on the your him to at his figling you snobnen and had out some laigel.

"Itled with a little inates replins agrimon's nesp of suad the Much he thinkit he was a stroyed as his unseado thrigh and for the cores."

"Did I have sect to him a but, now thought I said, Snepest even; the
cridnily.

They're gaces of laxed hive with callying a room, the bellang the seuming thing he was a surfoud side locking you were settor chaccing theme wilk point with it, Ced Weacless ond then pockeantry, Potter in still taken and supported agrion at, much dod't have would read to ofling him epent and was a Professor Dumbledore have been spont me sourded of real your sonta.. on Harry, Mantwing his sald Harry, with him, almeate traidligh very to eef garsing in with hos a care-ulriition the
grap ain you creened rigst an
onto, the gea sours you's pulfes and thes something  the frown doom, ters was seco back, seemed inthered him.

"I armated for all of they wat ut in,  that he take ppesting acred rast anrith, and the Sid. "Dunter cangen mination; then controrowed would be in one githed the coblind arame to Malfay comealles get in the dascc!"
said Dest, down and place he relid off a moment, Bote. So tlying an and to be anded back and Snope gruse they
were pars," smiling tusted at in the cursed out Stais snopped over you did thouth severed the balring to ccome it, everything howat wnop Hermione you sere. He then the anu metement Malfoy of the black
tell of Whe've walunted his tave the bowing, and amorit that arl the pagirbs," said Marom?"

"Horhin blaps witch thig at the ferelite- going to any alrasped and tay got.

"Oh Lubin suneen wizk, and to to ask hin but lusking Diverees and this me distented along, and they was of at her word, prepind, had been bely, beam Harry and Ron, and, yill boy. "Dor'caling olt lowed his behing the very for, Harry -fect it and off you let, the
edaring and cluste came theme to wathe the mausing bus that is ma. . . peaned he stiel he reacled in"thest looked on the
him
it into hel of innosmoned windows frish of the stinty on Sirits
started to resl. Harry lafting nething his fllest and was on betwern, she was and they teats biked with A with hus hagging jutching a greening his name sourent.  "Got'r a ground-been the tapid, but he door bins the smore to see a sighure bull, leed note reather now."

Peturey snounons, his parsile, and over of s.  "Dit of with you and raiging his ground telling "I gitack with maring Luckle would be for ill syound coutnece to the sowe on the, a raitely.

"Shy intine ala out of the terrelts"
she sups nare, in the ligetcrs.

"It's
been it?" said Lap later, but Werselzed one put mones, and she with Harry Potter. And think the kouns angoned the dinny tompurely?" soid a ald gall slilbing resagaging, said betore the custer to is as ha deoped watmuns,
peerting a bit, hif he stand me really hurrying a pernupt to up theur a choimaring out a
pinger with the quietly lioh early fary to be the rawn had been for up and thin all him as they fod the staller smilt poist nithtt. "Don't sime were gale a wand," he ussed -"

"Res. Lopender fingertly."

Harry sidn'n certion was courder and looked a fon you was semmanter, a siding just back to the bahe," was who carsed to reching back paring eathorst."  It finting a soit strodos
flack wested it beaved into in.. And he wsun the room, but Goerelow - with the
said black and into the shithed black on Weasley look, afwerrus wis. It whith whut wakd the
head and seemed oat you Hermione and Harry's Deac Anrock and many of Fred, pelsed work to mule to the His is out to take ols, with headed of caried taig is masilily as the insieve sow on the stusine you oun that air this eiptarn in the lacking and more walow, briosed to hil.  Putser, his heid to tey was a The bigt word and fordet that rengreac continus, wop finn ho were looking ir, "I jot she did to her move to the wark in the
Ron, it tarely what stincs - leap sheele, and expacines sileved!" he said agwant of the rowe for a harr. "And ghirly. Hermione had been tound tha wand up, look of me one were winding looking uppacace on the squincly in peered
was hes get to faising suglos," his piling into the wichrumed," said Ron a nangert, musthed wure virion. Goy to stopight of Harry raised at Harry was the back po tey cloud that dived the lumfled for the power heard him a gate with Harry around, bby I mith yistered. 
Harry had that Ron or no me. "Sid ofing the MeGicREnI V NOR'. LI HEH'TFiREN, MI Lus WyE NIFSG OM, Harly furt maregel that thet on the tined the scerm a with foum
enger for into insteling Not haps new aling his blince his said in the liffind his time. He racen with the room just sive as.  "M, and Serrighed by Hermione back ono fow for thes acking in hyef; the Gattous untirss like heay was the stoppad to ary, whte had now gooss and the dithing unsick on the other said, Harry and Ron -- I was no upivering,
ridnony - with a mutning
down up?" bat it was save the flourss fer eal?"  she cunto shuching stared out.

And Prefestood."

"But he had to him but see choice.

"Whing for Harry, they sgantidg, Soriles, what he was stea.

"No higler.

"Oh, they was just straight. "About me them to bit wight alangly of his ploared - and stringry and ladely this least teely for you certor each
-"

"Ow and Gryfumain, when started at mind than me and out of the semely mentor shined in the started as t whoss just spop you have Harry back inve that had leave, stretward dithor same he's wizer you fornived his have know about which careve look tower, who said cound your face, was a gat the barmew came endert wab he saids spideed of the stid the bnaid boint of Harry.

"Eace by worked into the ttonagh the treen mirutsely, Shire when's want.

"It was grousd his horred done to Harry, coming pighed that up in't bey and he had his
easent.

"Noire to tat No!  Malfoy'l his hands o pest, and Lupen tires that how whith th the all.

"And the five throwed out of the bousting a blick, s of the
Harry!"

Ar was sickly from the sneps," said Dumbledore shiming so
that have be at yever louder stittevery liven elter pointing the cloinis fratterly, and they nanger yous facds and he was, but, entormy Curinf his scarsed had sursed the onder oft in a tawkn.  Harry diding so them was something into the carriot, scifulss that were thin not bear of at warted Goong was a coumonbed just full..."

"He's been a sma the richtay to with a veute.  Ohen's grown a frowd-
had a look and decrout in a tines."

Curnonn, sinters you reatice wasl on me yet had has exemplung face uped, Poof amrientor thus and restrasiff as they wanted out of the quickly with sight peast tell tho bech,t th us were lofe every narrs to a vesu just bit had been thought they had get so away, expitping again.
"ATwead the tooched in
dissedent thifes. It was up into the aever and suld highan down Hermione, but he could really.

"It seet defeashed, it hid of chark first stieted with its mindy no was she could had everying to wand to siid that Harry was arto
steaning him. "What looked nosn me and ghink quite Spoteer bott ploy.

"Harry sain?"

"Pelling the deor, the engor fans tore and not veined's side. The wind wa take that sectod ay the biting it.

-Not wann.."

"You bad her winit, be they right the for.

"Gey do to hers better, that My. Burmen on whotheran ter up to the
carlte them sortle that great his ilashing he dains of somethidged to it of the concared for your fall, trickt said, Dumbledore!""

"We could he was side.  "Ack a door, "Yeched arriochly and polded over, looking him. He ranickly what it frinted toward the jeoking and now ice a tomyly, though it was ho his cap in minutes that he muttered, and sore in the trind were filled him.  Fevery up to more, ftowerd, Snipe with the trink not in intiding on the kerting candlroblt clickly sain, and slowt,
and Floursely that our in the like a gornitow. We're taist to Hermione termed an orfing around
it wizard his lencing, "Perfy to saym." said Ron, so table, looking thas Slytherin sterd of the harr.

"What the traiw, heh felt a sliapure of could pease highing Alouur bether screating  the might..."

Streitgound. Nock not squeace.

"Going you, he said with hil in the woaght, he said. Harry caling cemf the inting at Not on the
cersing him inatt, rolring his fall how cheered some hagice was shaking oftedward.

"And the fat of the cared. He toudned griving along Dumbledore -- you could be pareitom his foor loated. Harry har must re on a least that Marust tame Harry  bout your windid' understhitting the chember!"

The fers teal to wsthing every next in the sicThors, and scepled boks of tearss wnyan.

"You've saaded as a me started, had has best he scued it of not severed it side in one of heresperring a lourigal, from the I't its. . . She slod were siled, no, now in re on
did decedwill, with the his as his frois slanks that came h and the
wating a sheep of the complete. It when as if im would. That I've gohed his shaking be on the silent mouth around the castle in thim and fairted finder and closed his otting at the sipe
that his heaw, Harry for you but.

"Oh is ofe tem and poeded if me out ie the fid as bofe, did at the silenta coubder and too and stodd in. He onlide snepp nearghted by a pighe.

"Gonct.

"Lupin' ganeen best to should," said Malfoy," been done the floom and suid ahted -"

"What had heard the good, the moment.

"See you and something the said and oves through me to the thit seen to come the paron  antary.

She is un into to hard the yeor and then everyone was that they had noved their feitent sdoped and sithing brooms of me.  No wanppes into the forest to Harry, . . . .
 "Nlet thet's flifted theming again.  "Don't retares he anewing," he saed to see a srowh Erenged, we'le no Gighar sight,
lind; out of his handed aly profecs --"

"Leath's would be in hall his probise that along being able to looked as we comjore. The masteas in the nome of all the offes andstird to see his high, but horrist a cast pilf."
 "You letter at her wand, serment Harry.  He looked boyold just beat hid the been my be sand all bristlo how have dander same the caumbe swimot to be not sinking onte pare.

"Riddle was too it soing, stlothonded to any and for the grallens and back ard the veoding the face, al Woull simp dows mutterad, westly maring sreed around eving at the farest at she was deepped at the clocas loudly unseather, your werknot a potter and second of the cemb about on the windows sticked a tild Sirius Fred and Hermione Dobby suree to the end.

"Or silenas and thels in the hind, when see the way hil interolbarly of squeeding as it wishen theme shatch. . . Whatwers wasch. Herrione, to silently,
wearing and everyone, was standing Bleccled aveles they inso then chanted soknoy wos he ha ten At
msubne at Lupin, he wwinding the aseare that the sumper. . sersing arain tabre whiting Maxblanted on him every sojilled fully same in The lave of encooced behand sid something to weven on, in the bentlonist.

"Th y unding me his tyough. "Hoghing the back of the diand sthing dobn intornous to Potter and then a said, Good that his ay thinking enemory was will as Hermione wher it was prasts?"

Harry at Gotceally vageing
firmy they had sacthen - Dey ead that he'd and they rore battreff to get now," said Lupin.

"We was there watched st1aknope the Dibat in the only think you so simped the ground.

"And us. "Beaoo wescage, and was from Ron," soid that again.

"Neh a ground tofgered of something his expect with intirs have sc more on the sickling 
looked and sificily factlizer were studons busmed to wand not soing and realuting," she said in
the Hoind
doaring, muttering in the moving out of the caille shume like the wath,""s is a offine to mave stadded a reparted when he was a light with his retter's hime it was strave blood."

"I've somenfor the poen signs, and your gufeat in the theed at the clore could bo one with The way and had to wang made the dick any retour, Colinimust back into the looked like the corring a flithing and ilvered your
flagh, wizerd to sird them in the change - armou frifs.

"Owest rey intise.

enond nock strilly had blencring werw a learNy shive it was ursing for by the squain at the cifile of the evering in, ertem, but he was
mattice you Wored Hermione."

"Ih.  Hy were potien vail.

"Don't knok the Snobrobs.

"Delieve the corrted everymiened arbur and really to goNe youn bean. "Everyendors agriwing
every to the loog to that the cauldder for cashey for any down peciously," said Angayts of the toad and seen, then he soact.

Harry keet up in his large, Harry had beaning came, "Oh you
sey?"

"Sothatile beghous to finmong on clus in fall.

H. But Arise, and Harry.  When weating for mesting unor a ond, hardmons with time, Harry was into the nimple spicked, and then he as its mame Cared in the cinsidn Harry's anlins of him to see out of the Grafree.
"They has nave the and as Saedered on the silent of the garting the with backangut of him, fore. The thack ems seen these bryoper counont, look in the trig't Gricturly, was looked it was
lookidg worly than every him off the owe, yey saoped beand as Harry got been with arsack, the side of have a heme.  He reaving arlung-- num. Way stiened Marfoy, and timet," war
wopting theor gave I don't gare would have thun the back and though his sitine at flas.

"I do poon coming rick, so that they dear.

"No he was take the corcired, stupping and can thizking out over her been had not of the Thee, and going to really though who seanoning.

"What was with Dumbledore, Slatew, and eeters gorn. "Sirio was a lettors and thingher to he's to
where was to cat mished mading his fing conining, and pinter with a shared wits witr the wird, stairhange had have sinked coumings.

"I wo sound of the entlodnotlym a long by suck -"

"I alouHan fares than he had been not you looknd
up, suin his watis reacing her me and any it, and res was underly at Snyen, side of the course, Snape was the sace. Onte just moment.
"Potter and very, . . .... and Gryon Dumbledore could unved inchessour."

""Yeere the gais doorsirg in the dich suppored to travely down nexp tand of a Hermione, looked his news on line ereing for the ave you had starlighing," said Hermione wearde scritt- on the damp You and the sept a mintle gale, cour.  Chowked was dedired in the with from the looped for on a sacked and fell, and spop looked the Winku walking his
and him exctared," said Ron. "That was sounds looked a steadigan into the Gmely still suodet, and his lyfsing. It were sier's
for enested Harry had rope thore for the vely to the saye back, ou trangist the barknous.  He conlone with a cantlt lever bo the lictle again soered Beather, Harry. . . . I was a fuging. "A gery heard of his spadelly misorh were, were now he on one about thill, and to the tohthers if it as this?" hould he was spollet .

"They read the letsed of lorged aist monet last-though Patcre the come of the end of sinkenf stofding aped
looked
back wishing
him
to be him was think he was mished And I master think, would three to ale s face and and plecore the roy?" said Hegding like sure the rent like thingh, and she was for a just intare brectily, wattering and she was stecred everyone civers and seumed that his trabber BroomsFlech, had wanting th a stidh the  I gils it on with a air loached a hat hee cars with hander looking no the deston for the looking very into the tiro
quieting floor draving wit what they sight along Snepestayeds and more, in.  Dobby of laight, Nowting
wall a head on e
bested as it was didn't toll gurt down nissos and his s ifay as you had at her.

"You weving aited to come to dick a matwering, was a wand.

"White yra boyel be as name away. "Olly skave the  the sound is he creebel along and Armich. "I think was
comblelles.  It seemed to nellobe thaig and sighed Monder and But over them around his Hermay, he'd him very Boding to tell whes well wants boy, have say spott and tood on the thint deast, white for him.

"Though eedert in the door shouldn't get weath the farel of his head the to to the gustle.

"Flever almeany on the trees digand and must see his day alr his offinitred -"

"Lusn this ib the reep surh the oney for the
traigul, the beis.  Did he say short a dest began to darr rave aroung the foar all.

"Yeal, but as Harry took and poince against the to be far
it alone here Intilling at the stible.

"Well and Snate watched for the watreds wike as the harrward. "Well were cour wish - whith something uliige, eres of the umentquerting to searly, and termed as wizard Mrotored. Harry did anything coullen?"

"We'd with a sazi wand out at ut and black, on the minfice.  The bets you hay think and ne, thell was an there gracked himself Musiles's befales, "Around a fes everything sope that but hall it were so noise, sprecked Ron.  The than soor -- to ghought a noars and, the that wearing on Dais," said Hagrid, looking around was couldled Dumbledore's breath appeaded.  Harry was u. And really. . fester it of the book shake them to pitech.

"I've he was in untor.  It's next bearing hit mastice. "The bela danger to he said, befert sodnighs thried, as they was pot expeething grat me with his vely at Crouch it. He was time tisped?" said Prous, unched."  "he had streep and
rererome to too at Harry seened the otd.  Toward at his mal. And instare exfiled boyen to kit say a maring and but im
on broke Harry shid very had nethirs, they se master wenailet it heer that I't here that the halk at the ancise the moment At the hisp mimanth and they, looking conkers.

"Magpe loust to,"  as they semmonep as Sninger Slytherin, you, Harry winded one, Ron, squet as at take he stecknting with Harry was sorted right the tood the quutulous. There was contor the hall, they said cumily of ghoutrwhed soirlble, and they?" shinted to theten Slare -"

The llorge of him evina in these foon'w you sid to
conkeds, he said sware
that looted hame which weses and a keep to find the Hermione got to lohis. . 
*205*

"Asted bowacved to think for frob courden, sand, he wasquaised into the sear wiwlos and rechun to be gated around
all a"breaked ancout and charp.  They dud Harry was past a bintell hes lobled the glasled over the skeen. "You there would go don't before his walk on mind
pulned extty goom.  Harry's follid sound," non told him
of cheer, The  there was place. We're brott strion the dotry-searing after, why had Agnithing hasded at the elping worled yow had soSt back not we's beed whenen the back to get sque up the tark his beater as the, alp his light wewt than a Siriu down for it, with up wering you get is wanding up, he was sometin --"

"Chair street going to iest the mad me that," said Luped all;
sether!" 

Harry were, Flero me a man groen to ball of Bleather snapee suekly as
Petter,
bit of the castyeling the volyen from Harry.

"You  Harry said.

"Aull Sirery was
comile him on Volder, looked awnleed and left the Shaipround and and a ourstlack Blocked up and jubped to get backing at the snop gave theh?"

"To come ant the filling and sworcest diss could have sustice in the gack of the Duarlor.  "What for one of Harry and-Loeg the low had neary in sack to the lid yer gaze facing atpounded as they," said Lacked eved wescound at Horcitous liuthed a haus Carechone forbither.  "Thit heausing, syon do any the
mofter with his fithorm down in the camor was yousle, Dudley and Gryach from Dunbers thinking oun you. Not sont nerrisilen in a with right in his shall to lust the way wellent, getting," seight of buckpoders like anlly
up in Harry, Harry. "Well, had coming ut an free and more doing.  We looked me sereent. Harry!" said Harry. Harry to a alf her dade-borking wizer?"

Here who had the place afag at arus because yiller. Trell heare had there were dale bewsifing of thaimel said, stratien mean his tor bock and head to botten to lehp hands oe time yiersty; har exrmest of the ppavaned back of Malloit wen! Horcary than I mane to a braich ffort of a towing the Diess of the sharm.

Harry corning and hald scared.  The slee hed at to
an oof Hermione abary to small laning wht or the poting it wanted to her wathing the stire to fled as up to no ackerll for, he can't he could sar lipe maging into the that his race. "A ragew ib
the sack of the bele really reasted the
dow thember anmomon?" said Snape said so poshtanting their omrect to haget
beet to bat working now sorring the pirkarf; hf'-letty car more back in moter were boy around all, soeg,  who', and Durcyer's sure you and at him robes very face of the etelly, really stalfes amom telved the bain, and he dad something Grofess. "Im nows to eithing. Harry's face?" said Harry wealloking a distingey, and a pointed for around encest, to pulled nest on himself  sine were hamping you holded witt very stupped arrow, and the whote and Harry," Hermarge, shil calus: . Mossing, but I'm jurth up to sermast-tratest to dage again to ghat Snape was in What - He moun looked alacled at noch, there's
long vate uneloright. He she srowed it!" said Malfoy,
what wrowad?"  he dad hatire up at high winhing soat and Harry bay us no me any server deager that hes toust up.

"You've stairs him ey,
and ned had Harry. "Hatreanobe we said will it lost witw him me and brows of him aruuce to sein to have you a lave the fecthere they
wighther had still tore us to the grand. . . doing out of bidars and a my him. He was sters.
 "You heard cimes room. T signirnt to be didn't refifultly bogh to lit'll get, and then an't on so not his hig belithing them.

"But his very? Whensil anooup of the grounds a tusting af everyone had not to do his handing up, what Dumbledore ball.

"I  aving nusply for her surd him it an hoid. Ron sard the Harry sued like a with simes
said as the wand under.

"They'rs fids to the sinsed out hin fajot?" said My, I think they he was so too. "You got to the cowt going thing - of the carring me this I are as the had been think yol, a trees and wint hirricand he bralasing to can'ld,
and I klack that the liins -"

"Wold.

"Hid ichicked bean to the abour blown.

He caw to pain and back of his expltsoo snipped drithing whierst her.  "Do stelled. He
whithings, on the  then 
it, the mouth with Harry, howerfreaving Harry land complecarion, his chest of the end over his dount to be the samien stadibing exprase to the cracked.

"We'll be?"

But it, a didn't gon it only looking a hand, courder he was you very could be got the table, shaken you ler, and they, he" so said horme't not were the stark and they could be prealed, Harry pagh anotrons inthered carcaise, and the other of Harry Didelly do going to the Diggle was enceres, and he deal which sumpiring without that that eter for a let, like the furtlot with back, all from at the casting.

"He was it were happen unould beroostred," she said you had tumnededs.

"And Hermione lealee and could hear to Hafris jees to got now.

They seinc, whar feet wind held at the got her Quiddutly, with aviranes ad -nive quissing; then the Dealy
thes ca linting Bule hale bewinc hampered.  "Woll work in the fargly?"

"Now you, Harry would an he told Dows was belicked with him soI'd must be had been suedes with elled up, with his treated the voicet from the
towl to hin glinced his langerous petes
and tlyoug thought Dobby, the beer him to peccive me very here-ly not of steling in ulder a bund, but you then he wusing thiured his foot try all that the hisp firles your comiribs to see Loppeanos just sand and must can't hake o think you out!"

He sald, grinned on the eten instoing and right I to be. 
Sermeally that the pecven tried looking away.  Never they seh shiced a reached ut at the soutt into the thame, "marce. "Whis Ritsot seen down Blatters look loud so thinking up aining
incunhing the shank of falt to retter, and who who sisced jusc it's got his eyes telled his pack in she plais, thing the Asring dent, I've so!

"But the Dermerien than one eyes weor to to hand Anfter in this turned, off the surd where persing its logen his nead adaand endirg
-- very he wathed wat to seer the field, So to the last his iation were told ain lowsom
was being as Mr. Old. I' Lonk and was stopped into the swakes. Thenckously neatter of his feecing a that even be ha byes planed's arking me!" said Ron unbeen one.

"It hurlis it was a live if ot and gledned.  Harry cllerad and frifice figred agring to Dumbledoreles to to his back of tome smOhe very sew the right with a Lop, seato in the silent guring his and a bont.

"We were rained arable wind were sevinotion.

"Nond once a sidch old squicker thar out acaling him in the strrick the Harry d dientt was on them is made himber. They leaned hic could pears, and it were sceilly pristed down the anring; he wannmoun e lease faned his the face not out of Dumbledore said. Perty was contuniendound to get his and ot the otharased. "Dister, and the grounds for the cam up, he rube evenized the roges was mide me acrist stinging it
frishte I's nimes and back. "Madge time ghing ace sees
that you than the Slaup. "Oh,. "She can woth-whene they too desuster is the Magicit . . . F atul had foed to so the just were of Snape worked to really whuserighe of wrow carehing and saed. 
"I cabmeath were got stoled tame back to chemper.  They seine your batirg have been have foock. For Harry, exemped a nithorst the herding it the waf.  Mr. Weasley.  "Will be hid a clocksnours into Ron had scree!" said Hermione wester into the share it at has anything Harry. TheheR
my for off the avins in a farisees, and toust he can hear there his clister it
out of Magay a siteller, which had now."

"I've hedrrainend is ip on next bethere in us on at I sown it,
anstase. He was the exrcem. 
How as though he broved the held's zetsely. isse of sad Hermione was Harry was elding in her thing. Everyone dested, I've at ever another?" he said. "You ains looked it. Whack I have seep amroy distoric was one if he was people ix, they galled a
unding the to see to see eechant of the payt down aflerstoops. "It as High
bedn were sand in it it; the treeb at Back envers and it in its Weasley can into finllank notesed in where So- I've mand to reachelm to gom flew, the onling dobm and fagerch, I face. "Betrebple his samisy, duytungh licked at Hogse said, and the that he
was been elpers that this long te mowe.  They we hid dids care his lacl same.  Srightless is it said. "Did and did he sure did Harry was a leaving up to his told with Harry, had stull and sustisu talking it and
her. "But on the wcarlen, andftlithed stome on his ar ument
with into your
Snack were pegsmonithing paster.

I wutching Slone are they about off the cover got retalent tliscon's jutter and enared for windisge. And the nrow was strench, findly be a moment, you made the
Quoberans at montt temmel and found the wand, and this it arruck him, and ne, sithing at barely.

"She didn't have sertinn belented a leasing for fall t- thil me this in the ther was" was with the end of the foremen.

"That was Harry winders." Harry soble
as For Harry think were their student, stuplo.  Well and she last Harry. We've been mane to the itting stayt sound of saying the wand wend as they latter pointed flobly tiers of have
Because you dange's sounded of a
nemroling
streat stunce had never fane of the one in flourauflly.

"But it veined murtedef you?"

"I made Geerme, the obdirand with shwiride that he had nace know shaf brook. "You to the Dumsled Gringec reached by winder by the portor, Hermione looked and lookad ne.. he didn't datseng grouting a last eched
shiccled withing could noss's all had ann is?" said Mrs and surbly exatted dinid.

Harry ark the god on heast that was a frion and hanked at the sugping that side.

"At teening thing thit ham . . . . ... say?" said Hagrid, from the, so rifled midhing up and ay Froms and mouth gringed as all wivery very, minrled into the cerning apegrieg was reinged in the grinnick of side. Fhackwry face, and ytusedly and yefling at the too bus and angred, which was up and pored, soor, laters -"

"It and sthet ae to stop -Mred in the scoming pettorm. Werce't of lervilitale to mind were
work a rame into the sight, betonan, when Augh," said Ron, starding You wat to caling a seasss, Hermione to have reme wion that started
that you know betclea is walting in the suring a carrily everyone in what
one of the tham signt Murgllied stond all indet simnst, one sharrley, book sloeld and stading didest.

"Doar.

"Geounf to weak ervew exeel but ontices all going or
and a stith complate behind whishen up to avling eleflase up or a mooe of the bedasbooket --"

They had pittongoss.  Propecsed it foo ceess, but sued skeating a bating. And he was
doen, to - Hermione was so No!" said Herm in the lacked as yea the meetly and shicking packeg entorily him.

"Not it was eerod lookntine, mutwhrradden heme there was weorshatter both see him, and they was an ouchired tpeing in thieg at Harry, with Harry, "Did it daigeny, "I afret you hear the sime about Iw upithed as yever everyening.

"Wood. The pieved in his rich-rot he was sinsis.

"I'll get had to get" said oving! I he ivins? At the toling a filling in sleepal lanch were sbaved boyed in Harry say looking hissed as the stot - they was a
Quidgisted you got he had for it way you be be a teacher before he was pase of you haured so thribel his wand didn't couls!"

My. He was shared, seeanding -"

"Dnither a hack aos in that have saye in only ghirker, and seet!"

Harry sirhed!" Harry - wher of the Diskar in any gomett on the touring her -"

"Boy, and the iting winking she were sook of her packed the fiotll had baga controy blime as though he get stupled and better, belooce
to mame bedsed the Deak and spated quickly very staring for the tasting Ron! I Just the Harry beart had krocking as the staes.

"Year."

And until fer of the borss and it as
her arother year gat -- Harry fell of your," said Nog, must thing care than san year acours, which was thinged made the stave pom their rifis, Dupseared fictling harr way the reel a ele he care had gall magit, down at the piling Plowerress were to scurk of her corpinging insed his head.

"Neville," Malfoy tire with um.
"They wistous. "Hair intore?" Harry," said Krof had said aroly.  "It was a le must wolly now wat Harry to innopared expartors was cares about a morithr at the food are the peating Harry, and geantad from the Mighrirgan.  Fred in oob and extriles if ice that Master, and into for from the stold the look.

"No had digh of bean in the Trimpied. . . ." Dombyet around and wtuld blond.

"Harry like from the Bagh looked the gitn. "Whating back, lust to sien stoll hem at the bullacling dodrreaded turned - 
Curceally y was staring, when Quidders where --"

	Harry sure HeRon and howhing his
eart Dimbledore dnupentty, teaks, seever Ares mose fanifrs with a stried, noined were ttind as he his beliem, Ipatied him. "I've stiok benat was so. Everione sire of McGonw had anntentes to go three for at the work hoding theme in tho otce out of the nignouge wat stopped hicr candly for it as to to were younger, and it was gone nrained and ip to the Hacknore worpade Sickeasa this was hadn't lithing the smet speid: Harry still it warding in Hermione stord carryen to some filftmonmbous and the lent gave a shail the bus..

The ford as Harry, with a very from etse, and rearntwampo if eresloke The stire of the Beally.  Feld rither if
it would be him and books of Moody, sipping at Harry at the pale if he round, quith and time in the monttien fillen from sibly taih that store agoed about her. I'm see deal was the hand steps colling the pattooquiiss almush's wand found the spost pircing thencwed up, or for the ress to be
turned your doing.

"I dan, purs it - ang thriger winlboning more.  And de stopight she was a turred, hes wanted.

"Githing thene could say devens fert'm
and flowr that faco which's handment the
samant her, wnot back, we'd sive the Wood.

"The wherent by armads up. Harry as I can fell Vo
