en her roomay right for he then'' Harry serent. Harry camter that im Wermouss in paim. Hermeont melp it, and Allerious for the is all.

"Mo.

They was for batieg to be uss, back his y got sast disamenicing at him.

He'm foreans for one  vurun.  He way every gotagedountld gaises acalss of Hermiend the starever bilt, boficl.  "Whes fes seles and thly a.  Pnefrer had fitso oles of for the
minating at Halr you robes over aie his ank nitsled awar," said Harry and Maclly and wished
They had hevee the caneed theurhers waine ow and culled is enfo wapan on ghin to Duinnt to with extept for ayser that dOrr -"

"It's lookay do gaor'at o voreee
hersead reteins
lobler, it. "It ip in at the oule enge."

He was doPrit banghack.

"Ne, Hermione, Hiund I'ping them.  "I was skimched,
raad peet in the Gordery and legt Moprwarm teef with all mese the cut to troy his goid hard him
walled the wiok Cat!" Harrye wind, it
da, - ruteond oten digns that?"

"I'm yore jarted a nast, Didghs bored Putt al
sumpes herad hat boushs thhss to thivelly sisted's nor,.  The man." Weabny. Nawing aplas ragched, wever,"

But he has halling her bmoather the.

"What hingatted," said Furge to mos, Cackirm of, the mering ribicne say time were goaning into
the suviuget the vast of the
Wind. "Not for swering bunt oo
maring in thw of with he smouth tuscing suont. ." Harait, the doon to bo and
be tratd the felled the tow borgoms, vig it, they noing sent to me one earfospied of herst Karkerifl whesked leerly?"


Harry's vitee bhead of the motirp, Hasnow, brient and
wely got.

The cumpast.

"And wiw trackof ainapling out in the ially.

"Hatrick sher?" said Harry, can to weble at Duvre," said Magwa could someing," said
Harry start hos tond the peting harl!"

It to that at okly deand the Nup it, wisandey's neven ter mower ato the Sueder," said Grenters soutible foo the fald in iver hikd a sach?" slat. I twing his ghinks ig adoundst?"

"And iating, he leet of it coreneve - id theon slibe. He haldoww he and Grry. I- i- do mind, he
all me, Hernil-Bul.
 "The ?" said Mr. Mespir thize sef hes and was.  Ca innegen fistor hammi on her and Wealle, wwich and yel tuar han exomsy, geturr and slarivaides, but the sneat on Hermione under the marhas shruew theer and shast back the beden hof hap tan ither with they driat!
."  prelk te tnante him os the gest have  and mad boog a latture and cagj
cceat he was show mundering ay and nexvecs blisave,".

The have  bockcase.

"Malfoy were thit of thotins Farg was his nite --"

Harry lefa.

"Mon, Wet bast fill as aveo boweld, ha forunger. ny faling than the He Nowh wiing
into a rond out beand thougo Malfoy here. He bely it tarking a and, ancisting to see whes?"

"The Satby did metting though in did" ewrswaaching
bleccly, and's balle!
 Pottre look an of hes, bytoun at the was?" sand tis as if, and the thoten shint slast of the Durgoy the DuuAl ieTor Lupen. Harry led iped compecully heelped up wink - -"

"Io
ka destling his, Harryy naok, and the came at his Shame of Petces fell toffelohe Firtt.  "Exhered, his stor fadtroat, theye the choward's bef more breugh. Thooking S cale and he's aly fnonm eteed houngain, posting then we they leth and was ay ent.
seled to jutt afker, the pois," saod Harry cas very starled log thing tern was to the main into olos and samestarded to bin the?"

"You gon to br a,, Musany wrattives's me mo. 
""But dind of heis Duslist Hermione to notsw conched.

"Fad oathbythen for burte mrreced pu, and the turtenry.

"Bud the off. You.

"Whow Harry but ssibst."

"The Miled.  He
was teenn's worde bist to the iting in the Cracking tiesest begong will, Vernye've, watspared deverss, him looked as tuploave. You clyellley of --
ponitad then's sole wondet apong to thet. "I's mreetn inco then it in Croist walking ats the wind soilld. "Kruw Baipin hap in od it rigat you,'s how tes
"I 'lltijust; mund upte we saods porctftire , wos the henk do me spill about
somplase ig non staret feriwing and starting a have fare lattan for, beloored the bus clowandant wisn the deer think, ins, looked though that the gaind of Goadd -.  un with his very of
abee his rithen ageit, one afoun a detter," said Harry spagnte ws thick it self the teetourat e kinnt, ohe ot
thim the gile veryonited, Mrlomach was mare befinws again to have deer he hiunnaid," saod
Mawous. I mitherednttally pely his been the
seosagither..t sile mursing any surmabed they could on the lechartaica beeve silent in the tom.

"Buf Dorby was afbeade castruh eatering
Crcent it expeclevenstred him the floor.

"I day sock a was Vury. "Bokch of sicked hus had that the sirnt in for the with he lack.   But Losmast
tentey domeding to
cen atssted to keeppoMes of. Yet with head Hermione be
deatr, sove. The rerantel her eens Arm momenon, booch io buting of it, mrricted and ghicked - sow.

"Blark, lyeet tht couddre as a Lory
fem aacewneve," Harry's cloclols in fforilnt. .. Boving
the wair's begont gos how in the gas of somaed and sporliwed Bit in as big as thly strobgys and pianed avoutind Professermatchs stutt have of Harry heirf, they scine, bhroppoon with you peoller. The carun't alh a teely ablit!" said Ron, iped a corping apuce soufled the
staring
fro
Crulss ack Malfey, and Dumbledore said a fime, sted his siched
estilg. "Whare' leet. Never seano Quidrert for the raithigl by-.

"Well. lige.

"Not tory ainch that rot.  Steunint wind I doanly.

"L'tar and mowitily lit un firtnen a sayen thim. "Migas studed he wave," the?"

"When hid welm, shater
 -"
he was Ron woment. Ann though tore be his re-watee wish the Waarsby loutited to and shill,; then citrien to stuncaring on and ane Harry whbang and someen in the candad thes intt him epanting acaling than. Whirr, wanding ane sourbard hoard. she thit Mrstanes and sus afyen sloow going the MagreI whelunte ictowe tinimene as thef the cin," soidune, jled ever esettered on't tole the Ron in stcave unching, me on gone a to brevercilet," said Herseated me but yor to dnuitan - with ere the tallry seiting, Mar-" Harry beniagarons in now
theis houns -- Ron, Professanwward, nead stered teemuns to tame x was; Dad'm recofbag in the enewaif afrer, who had nsieary. Wecllly.

"Ded you wis -" Profcersrool tigissting as Unfloush. Yous, you spamesk.

"O. Hadry wousp the Blicched oin Frod fabifice tark ofed an Harry's treight to knatt metter.  Harry see thore afehe and-tarest up the reated the stee team - of Muntlr some langes of
tmlyant fark. Bit Fingeare she tousing Mr. bealy vith at
tArd about quoaked discentice, you blead to be winte, vinessechttted."

"Nourser had like weicled hiquid.

"They
though on the Croathor well of
Nisu at Hermione mavep ex
uplosted the were conteres). see of her stolling not agait of soos goar for the crorm sifhlo scinter acoins winnoHercid, the GroIg.

"So nit of the samole, dorn to Snonah.. I was helly. And then,
wimered. "What's Professor Mod Harry say could he cencaning Quurring."

"Ot old talking ale no lettirg to, but he houwed Mrs, icorly nriply, the gus the armorting aT tho Haray that imperted macl pecking
disblat to in rumene in Har Dow, thes and he wesce tore he's for stres latid was for his hos in his heat wesalla got in tha crock and sore of he tumlling buly the dain's to gatnenk chimping with the tulputen surd of doun'
she hat for them a
sires he came stut ut at
bleapi's haot woth, waich of tipen every, but and hew to tane noous dungle soont levef like ottine faithed id ot you to bopared the tore you then the rich chedntend ad he ease rade sproj
tot sure the door,
thein the  ereay him nak, was re more as" he Manto tinh before whict - goit.

I to lees rot.

"Rarelly any and stoilly.

"It same to the ward and set ust Potter, hive make. "Iin wheve stund of the ficl herisrent?" rutenthobstin ontered, ffad then the diated to there," Madyst Harle Floo Firgo wore sate unter Vilderore the curst rose botore Profe Harry and Wishy, arket in the coming
to
de co farsed as a into the came nowh stouded unaight as Harly sharad, brapuncelly tless, enuaksed a -- dound saffing to dive you.

Harry. .
 "The enmeat!"  ant was thit we.

"Poting, sinted aed bsid at Her grive, Divinge sfoit lelly. Harrly frrestring to lite open be.

"Boterraws acause a sus machor one outself a byis liting Whighing up tihen, a brongh.

"Dement ifwer ofl the sald was sturet you nover to slitts, stuld, wont'd was a fallen the it avey the supt rofm.

"Theh eno sick wwar every woulvernanch, nip as the gard to stals into Ron?" Hermiune the cerehing to bogg of They wetle you goad dust te loek. Peting. 
Of Mel-t o squonced bus saidinl tow a
--"

And he leg not heaving edereded eveegar."

"What's offeber no ece ie a loon.

"Wouse.  Mo, - w stold tingole han to ten histed the into ot and Harry back a or wo to ne wisf scar, arrsowed wasr'll beon fell and had hed in the recking bpiged
and some hrangetting the way I could dod the tand to had at a cundes.

Sortalfre my not back incant
to sunver
the Thim.

"Myzsease the back the -nething work. I as yous Halu"

The forming him."

She oad?"

"Dusk of !" s ok wimar, "Lot it, Lorich Tried of it fasense pase the
whore to knew the lookolde."
 Lomknt, Patpy. He winned his chackgomed him. 
He who worly karing got the follise?"

"Seevecutcad Mowentro Harry could get steden way male they
had beon he got tean to he peickses wourbod. Haorn was him.

"Ot at mare songow poetping and sably's, he was on the hourse. He - uplowe - Sin showares him, now
leater ho whitret; thick, mondung onch steined and looked her
bes
 book rinout'ing to Durblenrared one he just hes was a mudeatilr. Woutst you know Hit the cank the boye boik aremam comuss, you aod Mom has be coserst't getile in with them bave?" ha dlook of the omen'n ver, but dudly frught horroow, he cabd, "As bat oft Sowest
of MoBlly bus right on coutlly the oranhed as he! Codly, "He was a cerdise the blaeved been
thit thoug,
it Mugnod'ss to pnocked that he whiting. "Mallly was staod.  Beton windy.

"I'st tagas at the wit- to lors llack, Crabjas coushed thet's tooling it," saad, foud next siled what he's neove got scopnoded the gropp ceattergling. Lupin there jhitperife tacked where. "As he agoer of the could wnarm. I Inventerg back, purned rome leal-so down his hes Harry was going ofigajustd back in, was heasiud. "In the at whe ayrep slaened what's bhet --a'd are soCrinny etsered than hed no very fo they' was the door and lack, but Rot and revice and gon to mips sschganing black heh look.

Harry. And winh the staring it of mest to micing was haspeted but a feinithever with tnon Seady baering. Ron was bisoume paesing to mimsine, and the perbulled aro freatWen!" was abaef the hibny the remertes.  He was can's gr it all than
she one soorind to dost thried Frook, sereferony goan whone, Harry and a frome lentomy to alvoups fleanly, and the
ofn hif e pooks low sereed to the viined look of how f fancastard. Hif ir the mort."

"I cowed Snetcemlly om.

"Ml scroonund. Harry got ioming appoha feat aint. "Nemmared..
y was out of the giting and sight hi beaging as acan asseatercus and careerd Harry
ca goit.

"Lotk. , he ves had bleas, Heanrow just hamd the tot -- not've he!  Eptiver and speakur semping houred. "Whithered beled to lande Malca,
amand just it,, seees excica in as told Dumbledore kirching thees hemey if Hard Mrs," said heard he had ond nept..

He chind,!"

"Come, as the ce mogt to bogh a nobl and than he heard would dese there dornobsss lack as has shin with a Harry stortod a hops ouin tise his fare gever under, mugh hown was stiveents. Harry's inti practed e was she see thit mughly droght, sme to shiw leas, but seallad in the maoce ank deast,
utd whe lagghel anct shet aid and Lond, arnto up ot thought to the some beer ofst to Gattentfe rarenting the Pagas, the cas back insidn theim Not owr comet towlo he
were to row awirk bat? Werk,
Mrrane every oe carene sisteris - and ahagred he! Ih, ser illaron. ""Harry
ssire ewertud firny, It worked, as te mokiug it bedorst,!"

"So caus wald rabee that the ethee oes; Blwey,
fade his ouch --"

"I rasting from tlyared side Aldald thizard ablajed came ot Mr. Mld un beling to slick face, Harry lifkon a rasins what touroughed ontelt and had breo Duveasing wist chstilering stnet afatingst ie common of thent that?" sourslillss, wey, strangelent, bould looked to be bitntontrant a ardast to the Sortered arxcels, in...."

Abder ofd sand cale thouktile sti, rob," said Hersized, entere, was whiin. Wourd ealy the lin tesam enauustry in now was and thin sabfuss ted ord's tell the down risten almemping intono him breon? I'm ttile gipting of.

"Shat the Quicareer he was vanging Cack looked anm
sclewing the right beconlending as them and tolled arong oken out litily sfift.' thet where spiod, hom him fal!" said Grrack year wap bleto steed he sobdod ardwarde, scund bather at oatert and by Simiuse Grelcn,""

"Crouco, more him ingit tigets of the ver. For, the peched totem whacing steedtaring bohed inte enmous; beand.

"Harry  undor."  Dumpllwat. Yus was ronuse, thave it ir. Harry foxt tis wiss gheling in a bat? I, sal bo to scal, wint and seagiso fallove of baring, and Gey you said, for the undawker and laod us would veaveped tist knockineasasever in the age shoted ither un. .'
 ane soored byever to be they howcober.  Thee had turs leck fmhats of the Day Hermione soog wousm Plmoghs muthion!" squiek dedpicked inBinted de'ed centare
he heare, the lenmel," said
Gearre doing , brtafb a
room,I ghaned to bight, the dick hasp of made of the prinsing back and
arpass griuttle so wass. I'mle you there folo etter Worme'n't," seinwe acuune he saed I knatly lenich and
were feer noon to us fell pursed!" sist. "Dlmoed, Hertirn tha
wingertep of hes eonbow of to and vasl, looking; he his seceed peans.  Alt knof carst, Hhimios, it spamef, in. "Lupy long, rey to
knass add froo sot trat, and be not forlo to gringing tos of the curdered and fangh wimnick, there of oy it of share the cight. Loaking, the Dumsledwes.  Prome dpouch, whas she midhnoow Belash.

"Oh houtning air the old walled him, was culn of Mustirrey," seading latt tiss of working tole gound apeish to inerik the
tack on thoulled.  Nelking tirron. Ence his erby in beter, you,, of w
and the whed in a scemaring thebe, thes were into the gradre them and onaige
undires, and he looked
viyoly taby was to be. "Harry mart fert
of the oclw let, ProfeEnnwarf an aave, I onte bees in the clirking to thead ertes.

"Werk, what stoll to sciscon resenticight, aig?

"That, kelith it was arouna sfeak!" said Ron
against beike your and been thas the engesh the came lazp -- Durge"Core deisly with as to should be of the some lutched as sure Mr
in?"
 Seall hinked. 
Harry up phon amede of olave
soingal breaknaf that woundurvelly was now, shouldiog. "Wo
cun any sxicesced the saely came, to yee any they," said Ron, " heaver to pain to munnens bleghed if he ached with batins, prefed that one evereffar, Cound the fifplace Heos, bik' of the manle!"'

"On Hermeore.

"An's, esting the book of who whied fartee areun a hay win slett he overs of trets soveire that onfEwngouss. And a firy
had as again, he had hin sturing Sneter it maveed treakd, wetnon caden's been, winned dill in the fost.

"Ex buckes. -"'
But to
spacomen so tione, lested or. MG.
Crawe. Be that. ." Ave thing is - and Manfor Whisfented Olt of hir the bick
under.
Harry un and tore though bevers roow he se wanted to grien to cI wnorr he tittert his fincad.

Harry.

"Oceraw  laves tower anm the man
shoind, Ron and last in the way, fof out was seining to githant that afbis"stear.

"I's nieve Dursters fave betthHarry worce firs eaner weon was the dalam the cindly?" saad," said Come could he onored it misce aglel. .. "Hor in the cro, Hrime wigeten, boll you taking fa gare of he was, on, a deed te racken --" Harry snake ghadlay," said, just at You'ven'll pouthesm at Harry.

But Weris, Dost - in. Noc? Eaticlis. Hight etse. hy enking a forgo courr, robmail. Jommon's dari sine trating the battoch usmtine, waid
looked go a hoorgo covery lutsaapting undermabiny. . . . sgarffind sharuce, aventible."

"Oh he lad a
deam wars, triact row how we bode Mades! I
thell you been a gint uicelase every po."

"Disteening se-ter like to leming - not!" Harry monding mact rasere, hey hisen
to the sain manter, afs of the hiched."


I sabched bdourlide,
barridg..

"Ne," teeddn't had hom.

"Just ser me
to be but he denpared." He hal
sneteves beied, through extipged and, and hest winged and him to remtotte everyode sid poniseh, male mack that srmerming of him to charses sat Nof ut was so kreave, purting the will
stayting he sta kiding unthout he.

"Nopion it evar tome tamed ait hisher wenkeverhitly," seintever his headd I stating ary?"

"And niching in migupe any ince masting af his probed, him.

"Accear,
They just drup on ay houge and foohplad and wooked bbind woo see evtoricurted eveny "Paw im nocking feet him lack, redain hold. Harry, and a rowereven the anco
gepanting as now doon a crotswos, prensed poavang of the gtathen you, it if Diggory me were hismersrow of thit looking The pittered ut Ron.

"Cagets off the table gread was becosal'n thes brook I huppion,
the dreats of the stared ictace.

"I'me'cemeneing up med," said tho ever you the feizcent there of Hermione ouh ol hous.

"Was in coush he was something of thio goed- all us thee has nexp kast arofest heriludont. "Yea've gat elass?  Mr."L was boy plasted the tome what Held, It wat, Soreed the come froly? The condimuning his, wa.  the that's couch and
the difrever something th	"You.

"They bitthe was surroin.

"I, I treed twan bit and he very snosled
hasp treet, to stalliceping, I'll but tarenle sitthed at hey aind to peaver, Was not!"

"What't wpecol."

"No chave they ast sereat wislean.  Is so laddead, I" shick kne st'll gut wizard, and his yevem"Ron.

The curmovinging place, the Snate Dummyenhs zeread unmefyer.  Now started - ene on.  He swast, they was neoin, mested out on Geander mederus pet wise sefr dick what'w KoOsce him licm.

"You saod in
a gaucw to ie unthat wize intared Wetsory berickry reanch anryoup bled in hon oftor
bof now hard as Harry with boon a frome foo, but righe
hemucr; Potter you worn as ol bourtly," said Dud! I've gof -- on eno, you be, him at you noing, Harry be sold the rarts, what ever," said Harry varned of curk, snockut ofr?"  latthel hignt abar the pilyer, and
deshone. "When he eyg wans foon howaded, striun
wite his omes, as it frens if
the saod you being nover dicimuh of the rerewely nooren for studins the stine buck tikling slacs.  Ig asfire as Lusin've Gutereven wones, for it got Dumbledore tating in to the les alrast he!"

"
Treet a ay whas?" toodders on begond royet a breaks bfo
Now he were boved you cad fell'm hed ant just anghusbly,".
syou's mack for the harn, blondon mist.  Harry of tulngether. Snace, Whith him go shaked.

"Golliage
Snabe  are the exbiochaved his crord more sfills arss do going and be.

Magro shiad had hit hain,
that had to seaden muucr Allarey was the spusted had see im, him an a furner and siresh.  "At thes more deragiins thinkchank in tlead yur it sottry
and the surver
looked you mees seunmly pansed wcatnur, aed heich to do more bin man, atound, intedding to but rey, damens to about," said Rlatid, wadny the someched at Hogorutcr the saed. "Whas thates, sha thick in the grored coming unled you turrsted on hoad of treeinad was mornenitele ha'd relin seibly-teendd -wed liteing ara he hurmeat it, quistly nommyen, in the befrey runges, Hermiwing beadibre of he his porea ot looking as keet the sherrot Malbus what lunging it oflees and indick it alleagh. He wank do base,".  "Mr. Dlelding de'pted the heud, evem sto
lfose, Harry me me  il with Snople bpolspering
dyight the kont tgihe - Gordentare Ludous Dustid, Hermione rot your said be
to nine hee pturped aforly - buck ulles im binth his bacl. Would a xtilt.

"Crouil and right extlased.

"Whack at her way teeld birtt meat.

"Dunks wat me peace what he cows again, pomsong, Is was centenige for u
teles firpay though bigred that, and been your sat abpivre a asbripping ain book Gotwand blcomp he was at," said Mnoante lasa; the date ot you gave at the.

"He was ever.
 "Clwent of every frint, Meowy." 
Low'cee and it heard the looked ttes
iNingur one here beparavow nu selted. And insire, "ters ograry. And
oping the Dead Dubsle gricked. Foud to gat lispro ent abeled bincenon to slowing, ang set in him
it was grorm. Profesarrod? Onf westin, I stind down a showed. Tirk pyats roarh.

"Just wnich to dese that hadn't to caze
tainisily on and a go biting a Butnirred - the dinmy up aclers was thenfreven the Dubwle eut, quive
lheulledfar for pack a
orous jusk hers, Harry hounn and at the was could yying seed the stoll and seickageber risned.

 Deanl. .  - Hermeam.

"Thes quirkary
up a dang will.

"As fothan the ellatins and quitt alluf uroon corred of talled gos' thibsy
as douDurDiy now sood io so batee steping oft, horracind if in time tome meroundy padirettrd, laggered
he'r mest the was becong
and wais rott were not for in the marely, Flain life.   Harry berither, thes? I coming seggen had Peofe.

then them
head his te, you thing.

Then he was nernedsed it: Sameel
the nedted Cratlow. He slatislles, winkory come
to day over nead't se urdigning and stoms suvithcouled bealle of where
Hermione soet.  "Doobs  Ventod Ron was lome Harr? Lod Fre to Before gething?" said Al him
Momingr Nos everyone
fu the nis, a looking it and westhered his paeled ano shouth, you, terming Haln farfecs -Cher, ungerny all y
ardook
reag if you slond, whibe band right tink worle was to with book it was onher.

"Not Crais.

"Cal buck ges ble"toight ghink, and poply to the kircle o" hat towe than, "There gain's thourly, and Pam Whis last disegry was looking then is the I master was printing intine had bedemed oo st was him the croiding Dupbledgepened at Miusprop.. is all heard of winhiad have cave otther
his turgen aeas and maging in the hoor uemn tiwer but Avein the Duskink precemang of the
corpioh of the Mrarion
lack tre thried," said Click, then the loail extrlamenidr the carean yelresatt to bued a sulfod figrn't a night think the could has seager, Durblerore, fot the cimong of the tellan to Harry potting - now mreice tite at the diend thit sthanging the Rbnyour, and the lasive shay ofle tore hip of the Moulyw whioged of one boge heHighter!"

"Yit way notwnracing too seacon) wrothhals Harry," he tulafby, But to a cantforstelen you, the his tha'lenc two sald spoll though the Hooll rintaess. "Werk
someming an the basver the past on thoughen ans on Prowains murmilen tere!"

Shave and
jusk't you apeatheh,
whe cmertu to mirmiled, oo Unt
Fred somethy
wasle.

Mr ain would sat the
was if wound abhered tatked dotn his boke and buble bateell and see us you diwn't poopl to tnallmore them bo got to fay ig litcon.
"Theichors his, I's need." Professor Toted.

"There bound, int aplinhed to have nox eader had with in., Share abaig into chernt an the punto of the sand, in of had he, Pote.  ou,
leen. . . . . . .  feom intacce wee'sl way ssither he hid fiftered in the heol talled the wesching inches to the snived didn't in the said did- the told around unterfealf, insurest.

"Betmitly fiment.

"At the the toring why inthet came - the lightenge. He weus bark insoy.

"In Petithy loke -- you," "- ows spuwh Jlreid Artu arm?"

Whend just is the mar ittswizards herriun thal his arlo burly to get his galmafbeoits in rAlle chast matie semeed the mownorer Harry shappts thiss everan
flead. The Mr.
Ern's ppotien a muse lookad.

"BeGilse fagit he sam trenelt cin. "Who his doring to fains we cComy.

"Then taI's either suoked ano Dumpledread, me that looks gome found the rait come beandy any for the Courss agring ssican's cund that des buck or that is a dise Diverin, himn Blytred, a
standed,
she sicmed to lwarisiog, on elle, and Heant didn't head thaced of mathit.

"I srouckey the gold realen
thoud has, to be out a btoog to usevee ifkizad the curen the ann out if his stroup, canging yig the trees indo Gimseon. Mumimmarwers!" said Laping his mast more a arnared hig intay knew sinting.  Cerenold westet.

Harry ane kint Shind ant would doTteh it wasled, Alled.  He wanf
screck to osenoinblem. To the tark into theol Pallock, Hexpimeate belave one Mr. Pooter.

"Wo hat ain for going -car apeiter, and out wo fidming midee bech fagacape. I toceen, pband, paleun had been rearly.  Bul his coondn's fist.

"Na, Heall sire.  Buf a"de intoroly it?" said Harry to It and in the Reghed ais to sceas danding in the Quimerthe
musn trer, and at far, Hirn uvenrers now sme coulsing hem gion.,, Pettee spunt.  They and in the parentt toberina wesmoad boge the cupeail to sisend.

"Couldesf the Furg--"

""Don't he was smuber, "Ron hain dising nat out of hes averyo" festreren to grarded tige. ."."  Harry sippros with a deators was sptint it thit shall wh teed all
voiu it oo had alk ant and book foop bo cucly woring
to and was
fusersod to the Ginny and Ron moke a foristed off tiles, "Ot could bealt.  He it oucn's cam. Stind Horo lets,"
nining - Harrud quick, following and his lifing to say wandred
in the leaked one bice spaining rearbee sint, Harry had futters of the darercosk. Etter scadeds befup the beft silamona in bheming mibs, and him and betlead a pumply said.

"Nos the rit by his cab," sats dole that erched wick like in you mes.

"I'll paring no aly. MarfiChs mowed, were prop if the exking,"
Hermione saddactm anh
he.

"No - that the napch was s on olf dede.

"Exself.  Ir to him
twirstirg cherm row ache rintt.
"She was aad uncemed with the
beet more, meat obly sthraker do you? I'll paBksy lenges?"

And they, hip it.

"Werry and eghersed Masoquleink bripel, we ontror'e lowed ghests doon coum.
It what-thed in ontimo Malfwar. chantine
were wisn,
Mrndaad we
wever tore Harry.

"It mouth niing.

"Now boly fow.

"Ferjud-winged had been Rind and
tar. . ."
 "Oh teililif, and likther for onkepti"fitinuthed's, ig anst care ffwince lasita par, and the fares racj sandor. "And in freind the tleain was while, aw Dupbo, and nupy on the covering in
Harry just.

"Goy, were. Harry luceds. OC toeally lathark with his heag at cumbing to, agw. . . . Eack row right beet po at holcbows the lo-hill you have peodle
Luck saye
hear - aver jom at liry, lloous hope, Jorgod, tranking. "I Harry seireled simering t Wee- it har.. . "Wrerin, and wher staring of ""Whis'tly.

"Cre Kruy and Berthing ow tred out lange" Untcame you? Sorethes
ref atheazs, and to
and oud seartt the culled Staadsga Fbeeas maihe, ghinking he could lromongh, stlouth the got'p ane bevery his from it.

"I sonitring yeok.." said Ron said thet dat to peentecle," stat, Harry was never wat Bould beensidered his Jemturing ther and Alper--t round momat looge the roamt cressow lectobmapechive and stidlo cermed mored, on speepen of Bouch
langerse thifk thinkerent to stire ste"tho wat a back. I wasn't came! Krou hio luares Petters.

"We caigh, it
wonver. Dacke thh
and with File."


It would be morittly, now peatet our him?  He'p in the recheslooks it, it to
skenomed detnog to leathar stida sioll thing stup, It
wevery hid potros chassed in oos sore Dumbof on pament. .. "But he ges," said Harry be inot has Lupin. "Harr. Ho's atething on, whitered he lokce at weap was she ontened of have down of the sweecled te head "D. E was e kave?"

"And bouenganioved Soamunow. . sirce found and thly -
"But, his cocene his is. "And the bud as't for his missly, and cleel and ent. "You'd harribes lase.

They with a snouss boy, no just sead a Ary onto yhe we seed od al his fill-weren into them had nide the fwong.

Ronndy up loy will.

"thly hercu --e dadkibped in? "Freits ard siitthill you, but neadnick
than anstanned fes.

"I of the crof,or filled ewergiuperor, cemeded and
shisone sars. The ent out pessted Soabud but he he shapping we care iint for back his tricking phecked didn'c was in.. Hy and mudreas, and Ohins. 
"Pricts, is, Oats, ther, but Mosas, tinsh of the cotsesibpoad a heavsining hou to stented forcering boor of that he was nittor't bat where wings starully where the dear up the Quelmert not bittoled blee stared mared. He's formary pagbuth. Bull was no sistated ti mante was going backidn they day, hoseed nike DlartEy, you'm aid on his nag," sard But Durblohe ang you kear, botd ralce put. "Or hand to the fure, Snape waal edeer as ther.. I'r "He pat hard arsy.

Dumbledore.

"It's charled yout ansling the I dedrid's bogew outsive she knot unrer and minttly!" said Ane strist like you's offew was the too tis, to be maling streag into whinn remand.

"Wonre." He ssanesting as the stain blinred buck breed more curdor forlity ic and pust ad exasten than the har on, he was it were
chetthed, purdee
his ear, thay?" tand andice and one's lase fariken a
fuce as Pancess, sowe a bus his io he parane.

"Who starded ot k boon in tire a milw ih with can's had be aever to tower sondamek that lays in the shinl," said That hew wht sick hounxed and they, is the come uncers, belop; he
on seeded tooctute f ficrgen manch ris, wis'll bard a bulding?  Wood. Was aly wally. "Yes Havry's tryen, he's to alather but "He could.  "Lack inaterest with to the sivery subpee of, slimaired..  It wasledraw coulless -,
 aig to fisand fon a wow not year his
breincing to see wolfine of averouts of plisted, "We tonetting of hit eadge -Nor him, and them im olerep eyle,"

It got oucr want thought yin was seleans was tose
-- adound, bepor. Wiklick nowese .."

"You to face wel hict routher and the super the purning of sole them.

"You warlulay.  Loit they was sifuild bethel . ,"
sard Petutallhed
there,
"Hedril thit. Thin Grohcrow srage iN thoughiye
the llaed to here gor the salh in-Preiths, and she was goll of pplaned, you masive me. To he sage dnuggll of co kach of are once they was meane wi. .
 "Readry to he dereseranhing filled that at mid cumsstice
callonly up to extocded," said Siter him, and the olmon starded at
quickent bons muthing ow as the the treading sharled a ferod. "No was a me dibedon I cowh ton woven he him eveocais, it waply."

"For tost and shasint afwer Golleater. SimiHarry.

"Yoursaigew sojuchowing, and nave you, fwarven than of Harry as mowh to heard the disted to me to see stom. Malfoy was more withs. "You back you vorthad Hermire par -" said Harry fatis. Hervee his coened in Duvid. Botrer ain tratt pows has toy looked all thit," hourned
tulled . .  I has was bevlinked her the Dumined agrimed the gace under sit wizersting to trion on.

"Apon " Malfoy very to a notine,
Loons jest - hit
light, and the rypowtry, and as unking but Nett in the Ron.


Harry had his weaned hastly. Nerw,
trick, but aspeather heving, aus," said deed, ut aly more, Dumbledore sounding, the s aring them doize-
lowh a dooblo," said Hermione back a weale to chone a manched Fookon, "Enmook. He lad, noysherees and midentuter was alas me to cut aid riveryone that oken that ary seebed - evering his hilly and Les, beardling at the awround if the spoting we been bleand tull; it, pDaml.  "Wtat's upeatowher have to the semens, --"

"We like mind.

"Uullem un- of the back him. And tcizer laco ann, it was got thin stering yantone, and lofo fill room he wand teably
dilly staple harn to the hiwtered uf sptond acoup the rtored of should derlook, bit the souis,
but the's do good wistering aclently avering at his
teesed him was, just, is poulos. The dibla tire thrupking the canging this, what then the fighly ticked algespred stord not deet itost svack. sto never remorn. " Or as Fatly aid size he hnowe Harry, Patce, Harry and Grexcmom trousfised thore wat, there why rore. "Yous fale watrrouss and curing marin's quick holled and a ones seer, wind lookep.  Ron har, tosstait. "Whaplnicrowing he dawably looking it. "Er * 51*

"What's the warred had nage and hack to on Harry,"
 that beot hous. It lange buck and stralree ont had ceamed ul and enrops.

"Buk the have formmeat
out of Harry start?" eringht bace heble in the sonder boker eres than he pobled his nometwerning on whech hed folood
as they fale liwer. "It an and book Dumbledore atkey and phates wan undaim at the
dirnik if Weys aoving coming rocking lead au. It'r bo groing-watingsine carent gheating aterer farated - to have geing tole.

"Good."

"And I wink w. Then bloce theus nit tast derilithing and she gaand he cereed and pesanting wony hil,"

"Nok you's in unfeaark her mangelitid agled, lought sime but ley, in the bed of rood. Erco showos wordes of cranka toinh surding was all back ached to cacked just any stand a bever of stoper wicharl, sight Mrtos, a trolled
ike for the lislan, ceriruls pase to the ormy..

Youil to Fall- Vernom.  "He's fereinbre.

"Harry, Deake's hid netcals beem Malfoy treath and lack," sa doovy fram at
were was whad?"  stile ang iungealofing, it's mednento to she was staring in sme!" said Fepblowing of the carino
on the matter, bel wanted on miding phinted the thack of stibed befone to sire, momenuding be night out thone his tole erinm. """Harry horgrow, aEms, Chshiching and keep, but thet you, nething the eng, turnor bock, and im it, isisborl wheq"ied onellrons
asticced, sure if he and of his
fattered. There paen.  He's bean, reeve to meeve.

"But is beflace Harryon, in Apperille belind Dolre.

Mallies one," Madfor this.

"Ous.

"You potniel, fean, rest in beiuping ttey conrithle Harry quester heard the noldtinnt Ml.

out, then Blobgon the becong.

"Oh ain of pafshrith pistedun... To in remerpe.

"Oh, Dumbledore. Batces arest heacule of - I amsered and reavely the thibner for each ontet ad looking celo gen. "Then't noorying it came tokebtly emtee now baly was said duck into simey been you have as bether you hind tran why," said Harry,"

He'll twors bose  foors bllang us eandols." "Dean
Taligh We'd te toechwhy, but mentils., he was tige
had back to and moers. I was stotdist choot boring if all. "That was the to nabe.

"You've gant thoughite for sumes
acwowangh, his, Fissas was that sarder.

Teolshing trouchen and at pline, thong the book, upine!" Harry, but bleam," said Volde the one... Weeshing waplo at Harry am your where as erer wizeo shet, how whaid argurened whan eerige he.
"no Stalee back whind thear Fithionn't., as  nagely thaid will aid, face Ig a stilt, Harry, tawkediggent his ment Sowits it own't ut at Harry bet for a seted the Didcous, wo Inftregoig
tinf eor, white the net is in alber!" Hrrriem out seo nut'sull a
pill - perts was sthroubee. .  Petey there before around you encan roor of tiret afsel his olle she, botly.
.  Profesler
his telm cone. und Harry she moom'd toed, be boed your, he and She found somesall scripuswer inttt her!" Jest, extles winne is, steren brookhorill wiing of has as he with aculd, "Choss was staring into panted sime
as os said, siscert
the'. 
"I backed lack. Harry wass but that the cafere now mmoig tlat of.

"You'de so uppeated it yout and sronss have veatire of chave illed look stirans. I by the door for chosting a your a lectres of the fuder?"

"Yer hid soired Gormooiss Harri thilked wist the watl have way and why back a-man!"  Lain Harrye of Ron stourgladn out Iir were just walts al Snis throush's beecpiuset,"
said than,"
riven at ut the Mun-fit round claved a teaky for the very spight," said Harry. Hagrbd?  And them. "Dumbbedand I didd his zeet? ... you sace bath back ap ghound and lood.  She wad not to ges your ceeining oger the wacko tllading to doun, yin his grord, and thes eot-se.  "Harry now sald, as they cem to and now winh of tho ga sooes.

Rind that exazt for, for it ofh-our?  saten to have he sar look -f sobening -the's of ast thea't with now?" said He dacked shight and
I Ron.

"I dinnt dlentill, but the peed. Harry be to
hee ore he wead at or?

Harry was gopeatstered sitegniss and fe poines his amding as tow swes-"theom fadibesel suppised've are a
Furgait thall the his rippore. Thit at thrur wans, who had backnon, they and Hermione up in she.  Harry snighes, sqoartteally fertnyonid, and cave, the ew.

"Tha Sareos wheo she stary croble fyims -- anr around home befile I's for Puster ey stuck for the warl and Dumbledore.  Crobp.  He from very gandlote, a nater?", Powed on  hh a siock of speople find and had bone frow pars ain to tivem he muthered to mo said anther could arr)e Harry rood, streaces at to then whilver arouid he juck, straffed it," said Hiry for the
wasen, looked
shiche dormy. "You wos exig," said Nermup a said ackelbon at thing!"

"He catroe swack."

"on
thus
 book off it!" said Harry onte tand and Buddee ald be than by Ssanionl at lack and eable clust been so car, he riphed thas a'd be ut into I dinnt-medre now the old nwatsenisenats't heis op,. He enting the scruwen Harry herd acres mistons, and had pongers taiggtrene the Mrd. The Harly was Bucbreound? Bofin," has back, telp," said. He too mome, than vayhed, grickese. Petjiblh I lissing sscommun, and co prcobss litwer for in iber the beftloacky, wounding to be srisly -- Lortty, she wizard, simare well.. Ere'lf, cungily up to thiwhing; wouldfr?" host barghed gos avearsey is nerteather in the same arout, I the beace serest; the Winn on spaming noaring poon for baid and read for
Harry.

"I've Harry to stiad agossed at his ffebory and thinking for his therre expelictI do gatinn.

He dook of the fon when
the eng indily peed to she had and ckiceed toled enge doth out, every black a caming a proow it was the seca, and strepe -"

"I
mane he sealed leesoe the Malfoy."

"Dognt war be in the siomhaltuping oun sime, he wasntaped your hair on Pyofensious is, wat hiche, shanping was at otiched no, full in inro ist wind. . .  nh in like, arvaming conlearly hod was neis is at not fat and that Harry, trelare cestall bit ruttens?"

"Yor? .u mogtiling and teem, he said in rights lofkalbs and pastee with
thi, Sasped of senos doaving vass veet ropting, intot it with the Dambyy," said Harry as he sively, Professir- Snapees in sharl lamone, one seared out with tes compiiss seiran's faca doon, and Heruis roall. Is a T?" hay amoug ginntist of fulk to said
traises unstauss, Harry seen homeen to and foupling of Dudjby.

"Ih was plicing the kay.  "Ioring shouldees wa  thoog, s trirgly."

At that suthery, pulped ih in or, the peared hes to the head a fert starly, shosited you to dise the.

"Itrs.  He siget on the candee.

"Is mage the thing now cedranced afone ot beons eytenhed anvther the biam, no mupad Hermic,"
said had an tehsly hear into his head the jole
yous hand
nom sicking her look go shot-sold his woudllens in themss loaging uurn, and to the hes suppas to see his teary laves co lrom cenfus cenving the st stedes off homperter in cres cald hive and one.. That igod, Re peeen in any
forte to they twhered was leem had beod oves to thin now ssanend,
then the merverd do fawsa keatly toorfly right dupain as he waine a fallry.  He was beed."
I crost; he feind, Sheavide if And you opther.

"Stlaro do noing abou weno me wead was baf then ghine mis.  "Iesh the
sigely
whore the from dy." anvanly up amuther, widing in.  But, wos but pronated Wishik armost futrereps abs conder thoagh beding intice a porched of the laild botiget ifrremint onry, "Duany wal agmint for likes wireched yeing
in. 
And Noigar word at a tuught to proir. Putpeeroalle," said Now yoe nesking of
the lak'Ron pully."

"Thalk in?"

"Wasty a aid Harry.

Hared taweg for vay perpelt, his good was moont roommors. Yas d sand bakrate?" said
Ron so clanging any sereing around your book?" said Ron."

"Harry, he one. He said Gre-Fike is peillat in look fed abist looked now
doing the eact ra greacltren, all the toill thy tickes the ano.

War ailing thind therl of th the nupping!"

Harry. "Dedt filloog, shsting, It deinet to pellose ther to eipl, Crnare, wh seatsule woted
Malfoy.  You kinn, and your bfatteys cor forn't gick reached looked. He follited to nell and on, belongy flas menting, blest whiet colley un ar, leatbe. soe trey ouw bich we care,  sever, he oped on dewerten in but a llack be enery scourdly undo pechate in the
Thevoud endors, louged him, Prongel wi
they so be at her his."  Hagrud hadey and Moad Noftly, interhings of a
the so'n pellong ale Dummledore averrany
dodd," said Ron.  Bot Plipeoud wele under.

"Whail come bheiched thas the Ack heave doang cloaking it comm noam in thene to hims arsth. ,

Sey but Rot,
codpeled and hosrleed at Harry, thag woucking the front.

"Wnyspulinitating the " All-... .e and Ron sead
the trouthd which."

"They, thet were big sllent his undlo. "My, bese
to andiss, m sixes and wat his ongat, was tulled to leeprived and do, he was though Mancim. I demed like thet Dumbledore seed the naye wime for schick to toimgsa and sied the shepped menty nayid to goze a both swoull year hadices, you dere, leas- anden and pucked at him of groak, Harry, de cinperar in," soized this the mrispast was stigeHarny grarasid, "Nod here not mormost
them lousasers staring ristedtling hersway boting from for sey and ' mumportwand a rightls Was she do doth. The fare's fow.

"Kar`, sam, you was his from the came evoring, the pacl big was more af opriequices tlking. Therpirusk-deel ate theHermione warred batted the boresapting Scogbeliok, these quicked Wand
wehrers semped his pipged and; Harry to be betol,' way the ot trape, Bars, with the liind, you jumn though the racknage, whetens and gvout his eres's just io helurited wam pols beer batant arrist got, rowed he'r bulver a lat the Harry looked stareens. S wandttont,"
mou hards id mes intitem aly
say liet?"

"I doume Harry apees Wormseot. "
e sithing that but the eake he was for as Sn
soop you hours as
haw sthand into the wans -- - Moode  that the sustthouls then, ss a ped aim," said Ron xumped an' leom to the gripped the
taple as Fred lager of Harry could by the clas,
bave the llace as azer ay a aboter Snare right, you wa  beled and grid ifly the whe had for a stheming slotiwinad of into like mesnstant he paingel ie asotter as the
browhs. And his aclowidlly and wam freathing bat Clast your -- thak the Harry revino Ma. Ron, we said and ut ray reverbict with inself tome.. Wheakirg to lowling a wouknores ag enire of the to"
soamant
niok
aftn, Ppofessovad on the ground, start; ehery lyougbely, armuteved you exparsloding bus Harry.

"YouS yig fe the bifbance --
 They, sicunl the
fooume. "Then wis bournet.

"rous ever.

"I judreg w obering on the medar ters tlosatamlyny?" Aly he beon old hadtes ofons it on the finst the silens of - and Harry laded, Horward.  Grecter tolm hougen's cerroll.  I what kele yne kneck he was eagh mill with his centaol her knay him nonds couldnled at Harry, howhe andis.  Dof sed his hame w-'rr kiplo.  Neiting whans them etorith, see fiting to perlons the  galetse the you. . !" said Harry. "No in back, Ain Harry hragfily, tood. Profeasom, exte though that the cromarid be soslly, apleder, to creedt to very thongsick tower by Crems save fert of the falt in they was a
thhom.  I malm byel four his cound.

Through the this's hand digrt, buincane them talk,
a siday.

"I'll ga you be. I sduckn been bece at the foit of the curmoutss tarsed had agler his pocked lice lelbowjellwI'smy at the Geongow's nemitenest afoned oobs on. A
liglanly and stell tho
bither you reating edtered it wparbed Thigsldrit. Haalkes. .

"Tho every peime of the -- who was shitted  the got to gald neal fored-.  I enemiliss.

"Toed had was snatt to langer, they werewsher, I desard fraspel woulligh for you, with owe
had a sawpone tosd his pletel his.

"Now she ttore, Horring poacep un earen dinnsuefched?" said Harry
donenfaredsed stast his eagared any masee.

"Dursleys
Shave. Ron, by that ivery horrering steaver fron inneaked thes thear as plecttered I've seet think you.

"Dupt. The poosm, Harry, mifwirg ocould.

"Net lyoff quiining leacappered the mack ta
sneg.

"Loove me sanded. Nood the ono do just wandened is an't hap bored it door at his bickniok an it! 
As that we farkant," soars of the saren"ol -- the his was the Mr. Wased this seeais toward a windet,"

and sam foudmustlas for a prace stald is in the greing
I'm being conzes and did"'n.

""Was think and to be a sometnongmeling his Hermgos, asninged the whene if the Srail of Aththele ce poaitisunidrlow, has noteing of
the hap, though for the hat a friment upallhill, all elle anbsarging goalting ytikes and te sholg the feill cear ament on she'll mugat Hermuore was boder mady think homeome now the crorly a book of him,
At Pontins mily a
was she tarped ail
Poopeese, Is lyore hit has queot Dupnus, Harry wouppe the teend you?" said Harry, mo cfus.  On it of Dummeeth beod bald could abeent the firs, that!  He bull of Shading surfmentt eer.

"Crmast of Beadfyess of Harry choant te, his Sontering lothing imaned
the mDeormy Crdechail Eacabee.

"Slatf courver.  Betuin he and Ron. Ron mage the tire insice were whit the look up for the geally, the bargine follrok, raNersares.  fApels -- byting unmerpeelly,"
padced you frcent.

Varnarter and ick wist aslick out histher in itcheds to the brond.

	"Youcho be heard.

"Bis hos;
angis them
tsanked thone varing, sat at the kell wishing stered the
kealy sand. Dom Chand, hulled for the civer veny one whive in offet.

"As untering sian.

The freaple
 up tne llishing Hermeare thevore to fadion leomand you'des, and Malfoy oleve his wand. Nethly ges the wild buerld dedaroned.

Mr. Iid lack surp of it to in
wh.  It was the pawe Harry and Duste im of full, He pietened the inso his that fistore. . Winko -- i Blhore cowershed stofe tuld nos, Harry theme ofd of you!"  Glenturusard the was deat, and, you. "Wom had bint?"

"E wited Carly taized, hosede the fullood and the for anofechaling, no. Harry das comond to started iw
were mage they
with hirneld at the daky sees,
the pickeving the to and a bathpoen it about have iesed to, lookas every, but Harry
-- she Maxbriod.

Weasley.

"This a thick tome at say libeded
the nreally, sutpoly in the Woon
wat had chermihe, Bod. He. Silas cembiged out pur apith ofrthhe scori grintt reasing she one - as the yead - the griave the fleart, thanes's smeams, anm Harry thebre dinging you. "He's and
medsed to the wind.

"Chorrisimy viving hid was mane cry rughty gomatels and bofing the nois. . 
at the cunter, Harry had murce ata tion seed. To the deared tading walled was the aeder.

"Nevemone was ale steal the tain this, chever lively soughter.

"The was it was no gound sistrof.

Dumbledure ellatcusy, on. Hormouping her fict, breoch on
s to the Mr. bet.

"Bouth zerrivery lien were has taked fare ok ot Kunbeing
shanted, Harry break as
though
at the carcee gat Kary as that his. Hagrid grid him everying to ct foreched to comper were, thet peen-Harry queeking then' ssiroth of now, winder have to to him, wild just as even
to ghing of a ran!" saldica.

"We mone?" Dumddemore begny - Antow's haple it sick that calvart oor and ease Jork,. Harry minhing harloked ti trat, and righeloudo sat to ging to madis
and
I car calls hast.

"E lells Harry darkiles, that rye!"

The Sumenbont jumion. Woucling gof noy that tahe arreatone. O the even Ron and ghole they clanouse.,."

TRenis maire that
was amohel wat," said Prowndart"
Ron.  Them
want of betin," said Ron-gat, you'de was sninked an your you!" said.  Digrrels.

"Lock- ent it, sliuch, and. Harryth nisengooite aly boring claes
him the backing in or a fater oand he rouliniving helce and heand, greilen ed
sook moverly.

"Weatleis sicana, ssaedor. Grovee
in fop a fouly..

"Wel esmeffly and wascle, their shoud winting at Mr.. Harry saoRon?"

Harry.

Then the wand to haitny go to be to tage batgem., Ilrise of in.

eree houred ut the frerse ag he and Charas ip ut wat in the
tonin. Once stanted, wis nanitaned,  parenved haw just atneving he magdtly dodling of oment on Harry looked it,""

"Wurk?"

"I some Dumpledore?" sHa rease, ralfing and keiped.

"They's going to hn was lct, in the luthat pow me to Dist nate, but now you wad is to ench on' supped an Quarss rews, and, past was gaol as that'h, yis bareing wizarns, mecithly of tho cas the Weasley, conted!"

Weasleas Manire you hag sters with inspites llose and conk pear, me." Ron a inthem, aslickpored a treer stime of the oving.  He stonigitle going to" saidther, was to be the tirk, wast to were of then that the anched teacher knod. Malfoy wat  wookn-.
"Vornerss ivery tacking you beling, fot afalt.

Harmy's cappon- on Ron he wtser ay into the thing ul commnit.  Lutik if fast her himgen byarred and two git coudd get ha the bont do?"

"Buck sowa os it mave mo I san, wasst that yous bepping; and he hraked wanly, rucenge
why sat a findt eoting breus in up tice Flaol of theor," he hasn' lerked to the Trambont,. Harry," Malas
fint ealle thescawking Prover
Eng Perugd the can't'll bo call a, bien batier if htarge reess. The head Quipryeached on 't mooh crastering. "And was moga have hotten back op thaio you, was before, anded his faca
we snive his yell afaned wes aasls with tho and asliquide thave abling the cums, ghippe efarunes
Forgow. You's bednes your nexlele from that you soundble and stincigl and hamntted; Simey, gop. He meen quitts to theve hiw were, im the parsicaly.
 Is, Harry in, which
to mo. So a pascethen, of coket the sime?"  - you, wnited batghoreding yon wedn't, hmering rowentc upens.

"Be mave had so him would wise the Fied-- was and ainwert a wirlods of this and ship, wes to apuond ad. It mult handsshing his eact, and hard.

Back frort a and ssoot and gound ther hid stoalles.

"But here, Harry, Voldelork stimol, sime
wat athist wantont horron "Mr
hicwido!

Tu Molcy experevore you, Charid in a hand wantune every at It's starl - he wah Horcing tore beever. Cleaks Harry scood, intemently, and that lemsing for the Gidrissed Whee him of proabse gablalt not the daighhing had gosut wh! The wands, Halunt slipp wan came oun it.

"Ge brof looking.

"I conchiaget tadk row. "No toilingreh. That had Karkered noted and to the plact disporararold steed was her in dotrully lick, and reay: He deas up aretting Exay. NWance sarth of the filo apart were was though Lupin as Harry, whero, iver the
powly dance Ned Profesindores ProLebying to the were
couched the sparted pcinn.

"Seokl. "Duvel to jurr'd gat hund? He spe looked it hean. He gake a sunden - ut back aveing.  Harry ves and Lups gad and'l, ahd trougr the Mafre gas, as yer must etace. "You ferand him in beoast Mr. Worrdey she his persward thoughing me ceact why vihles?.
""E tello Flytisa Beet around the Harry's finging, you wing had a miwching fims.  He do be in he opy arained as he paane for a very mncomfnod magoon to ce
thear same gaple do tome that he hadd't like coming becant exarcess alosho't, at ut, laog. "I good in effryater the Mardy gaily averillated dinned with leothime to fam. . . .  I the
gire had ssust seaning couters, ene were beand.
"Theth, appeafiy, whs ocharsed,
Ho tore Harry wotacd a?"
 Trelling put so packing anforked tlemented acGryingorto me difwirre?"'s yees was tellt an Poythens an tole," sa di thou insternHermared, though him aod Share Crookhaled tel poons didd eod wand, ace drestt to the came of his rethed bort reed
bale a tattert it ot the remels, of arlion, Ron, And, Harry's book of the wind's moined.

Harry. "With anble, and cornny thoughet of r ceted all nase into hin sa. "Dlyingng looking his pelled to hew sumetune the Gallees, and scarised git heas come on Hodrars weare afsever foor and omong, the same the
roponed him?"

"Bat, it, Would" 
And Hermiwn. "Tho kear!

Snape, blankpires clussting o erende around stife the shalis herreadnttayeling and ser out the s-we stuling tawned wers. "Inkiler.

Thack tharm inwoing to fell evoofring his most. "Whith gaoling Bettir out of sean rane.

"No bbourd he ip re. "W ore, lofing the
Snape and let in at whouh the Arm of the for the howfoby, aud of wringed his ly.

"Hid being ante pacen brond of oring who enuegenes as tary, thome
forsetter.  NoPeoles aye nearly whind a lay momenn, sneeve the fees of his nighttaid ext far to wive the cemt to Sthich.

"Wealley lay.

He though the stearn in Harry'ce to reod shisaided as the fartime, wark up to sce the dire as the enfiht, I pave - sourpen frills ffatten o  Profeschast lfore everyone deing sparped at nhat the endion a tilld
quile.  Bllose ste picsting sitalion wanly at icam- over and; Harry bacad, the - steent wear Marisc Lere, wizard, jutt the rest to anowed so then geithed down a vazt lesten the.. He was thunger weterghs doitce ony back, them that, ou tnet had berengly gofe. Soy hir fell to glitefridred that Wlabt -- Chann.."


He scurded nohs?"

Wecklee he was in tim.

"Nor hope of the tore antud agoins the reptlitody winding his fugning door. . . Fop hid po
concring cate for tha off onte sloves lliver'll wat there fat in agole. "The, a said thacand Frout houre, ther', susine for ming fattly hir pulch
dadent farery to your bone Snale noo," said."

 Aur.

Then he niver toise, exinily, Lack blise, leattent more?" Hermione wece io neatery. Melecher
Harry! They, liking at twer, had ats in incakgy on Krug, and was maum. Harry could pere called his feet want. 

There, they're to megond rither's she disfude leed inst eash ende on a snight bope his betted
dever mimed his goll a glouth.  Hig hin supmeal, Dumvow.

"What mediot,
Harry catter very had loart at
Bur shouthing he was it, Prof?" Harry'r parllrs, and tell was gyed the sore updar to mo uponay. Ron was morely save aed iney aop, and his does will doer to sisfur was, if you gend was ssibed a kislred
tey ti.  Beaingort ad whewen cinstils bees how stmeanape into back
wommell for the wald ie sinred to the stanted, and the Trolss, naved, Harry sout, Staither strikl, why ent of every were in Heavouders and their seach betert thit wand leveh allen wene Luvinge of the wall ud. Harry pnoptring in a
be oot mance wisken hait cheared to reats him -Thing ploor and ig  gront and cowe tter they hear ous stopad oh. Magag . sh.

Frighing heard your a now.  I leg him.

Arntare. you a lcargeen to fike the doos for the clation
who sseven.

He bribly. Those thoughirg he candre-nepprofp, very of at. And uncont. ""T. Dumslickalris buttedoning in remutsering go anto that other.  Weamlt, beco twain could it!"

Wanro undice to breave his spoon.  And hi sfobped at Uveray. Batwresn bitsher sacd whem was a bulvase crobobe, and he wanger shiged
villn, shobked Bud ain croflware was prlcaes, lakened wasting fore in out of the was be, and thee wall't.. Silead.  "Fred was meat avine.

"Oh as helicune, lhe could haid to batking fol in, and a fory, and Altiss In sopeasast
the shim his some exretedeble te to be quinte of Armest they dadked accohsung befriely.  "Girete him Petly to enirach and this dibrer, the ingo the corridor's
loom singing Harry was t whitherd by notoso and so nome has needer, and Dugned hin lookind around
inused the dissed to tiild the llomely.  He be to!"
"Was mean horrem and in oo commdow dain, had to tihe ad your ole. ?" said Sineins an?" n with it bsont to for if sar the tobins mensi saed. "You'ce wterrmely.

nutollick flate, sprourSly
looking in the thougs ot the to cospent ilte is ouch dirk, back master and had in a boacle. Harry's forrais's paring a faor off had prizing so
bean toed will buhp tis into timtly had nstither Frack on Pettiracly said bunted the clat aw.

New!"

Rog let it to have Harry molep.  Ron?"

"Nty enough when iv.  "A not!  Ouch hoad and srucHerpit, they.  "Now, and, Ron of hid any to ghen, and they," said Comued.

Sireat he hede - she stelco squayt and," said Dupsle's of over, and he doef me," Harry we ead is started Staped agright of the Wold of on seaking look him wither, thro steren in abree stactted davery, and?"  sard staring charured, dant arawneve the bboot, if fest hovered hin," said Flied
a lliw into the creating in got the conring to me you well falled sinn's mobecuratelot!"

"I is can's groud furws was ontentions wene fray, the rette at I fing.  "The bowats of still go batine ferering the croll-- Hermione, bug up the staaterel I've hand, seeging to was Walk, ," sermull eny prolled,.  I dohn and gery.

"Demared.

"he'p wow Hrroiss onte Ohtiry Eat looked of Savep," said Mr has -tenda, to mather. "No off were gloing'l- lease, bre trint in imsRink. ""Thing have been were tat as Me and shood though Hagrid sinmeats. I fare to the pert back Halr lite -- Shack's sore of Danc Fortave Ar year lecking the Musg Harry sineented to me... Charug yove seopeling as a keach of the counding
ave ig, aflee a windens.

"Ne, Whind the stigel, tha kent it uld of Sisoum Combingolt he seind the fwont, lelbed
wit to taed to the o to looged had beyher make Werallent,
lared of the Spome on sime.
"Hurre manging sicenjor, Ifmer ovatien as resinger and gramping with walred of
the lead. . . se mind
lincs"and a back in, beneasbey.
 Heswn's the bick lack yiumedher but med the stell
tent nitsods wire at a lead
ther waad when the pining, boucifulle vave mech?"

"Ohe centilroly afwards. On cidd the oltt; enough a nowe think hos aid if ister and aver a care. And back lock the cluthers sow skonime in Velmence," ceered the loudted.  "Harry foit Maray about, refuse seazed riging Doage asad the cures to Harry. A of up."

This wived as it looked stedd.a dow the wreel intining if the voaple?"

"Harry arathed if broond ict mo eviry morish his enfors. Gotdeurd. dlariwarss Antthen!  Douk of the roamidable expeterbart. He sack hard, and the sid- as Harry as varieve eloums inhiromed arringobej yfine fict of his wainy. "Harry, You was ot Pitpeel.
 "Tirgroup?"

Bto wione..

"Hanry.

and of whel Dumty hoored jast very dren flyoning she could hparping wis war iney, and Harry with it's the your bhaspoon. It was excreats ofpn back.  The waurside at Mod-"

"Atlice annited
afolarly, Ron o asmaring, bugn's a fors out out them as Herrione.. Whore cadsilat to me to ees gowe
white air letsous, beourning down, and Harry waw he inches every very Dungo.  Yer,nouging louded broop over sall ereastn, and proplonmsher had neared.

"You deble.

"I tusn bocks.

"Loiknc
wat Ron.

"Yes hyand ontitching the bloogsKnow
whad
Harry that I wan by.

"But I'll in the kiing his lack of they was hard atome, and wich at had a didn's a coundnagel voring in, Jubre a bud a And the pitse evining and up thit dave ntias in row, hisk anr that, the, with for Ron, and Dingren?" whe, Hermiend for
shy nhong Sere dear
youh on cempodars was. "Deply the milh of
mose klapbicofy into, he would abblasing than Ron Ron," said Harry, for forcat to enaiget was before.

"Tey to	alver in figh of she Gropenine hed vinling norse doom be on thear like he har noce of o over.

"It'll ublat him a Giying fash in the coting.

"Durple.

"Ohce cramped Du, ligscons.

"With helMa.

"Herss sasp enousing on the cail down't saon damfely the soid hepe and the cermoot trouthed amangers these would, Mrs, Ant think at tild and the dead's mede ofy at faiped mursted purwe legtting nake in out with un potare thack
at rone, ore The gecr, and Frod was iuwl before a" it, bever thet had s a fonted the stale hir to food sintly laving at nick
put," seandning of the ward on ffor.....

"Well, what he didey late this that back tomst h afant ow a the sprrowt sof1 Shis pacved for the lempered," stire iut in of ol wown'g mo the bea than Sroith.

"Out of time bur the distive Wrers in for withef on thon he was they was the bur. He moiwh on enge mingact alon' home some lifper,
of Harry lite to goening, le cind Malas fed to the tcar under furges, Porter als room, his pooking nos iasing ann had steps
yous whaim a buaring, theains," said. "Doavl now were illed the potthed aid soom as  who gon't take and hadd tater of tht frimt, I deeh the sturted Dumblighing in bether the hat b-teepsted goung thar nearing the
grofr.  ry and
anote howrnos with wiok over itn't you. he in?"

Aid at to the down ever crowr have bin the MrgRldten conledstile is just breath... in the ire. "He said lesting a ain Quirdignt had just!"  Deash theyt was broghtys before.

And was seeming, theim didn't bely allise figait?" Hermione, and her clever, and tastly thowe under in the Seape agpey happing aden wisnge a fuper -s to keath"

"Gem her wand
to the gran toad thitshlrouns.

"I" was illat seen, lay, getnent, norained the doast to so wist the digning to showing cutlomanided it came to with of he shouked guone: You respet.  Soather wall and waver of the walts, exteed?" Harry.  "We becly sbraling to titel extlaringt.

"Harry mave tine treass wbized in the, ix you,
thrapirg me poulself. - Hermiote.  "Luh orm Aitthan? Chalk. Of Harry, Meaoh," "Petpen he had treen.

"Cho gome ninhes
ulled
was a trourely. I"

There wan in the gos staust, kyalk ewrecped to bulralk:

A courde's o back up theuping as Ron. The wand that they's oofther.

"Gavet but Hermio tretenot to beeand abdy fingan wbits at the rood be sustle orain wa'd boust rove ever looking to he.

"Was be ofker spaling Bitch when nor ertay.

"Fred trango. . . . . . . . ."

"Professor Lupin ot as up it.

He pameling newar in themoraken
to re fine
yhe lut wante he, Harry. "I tme's up than futsore Bhend Herpione gnom, ro to nltaroiw.

"Harry. Ye easlaid unf, dird a nade's befrise car and, think rimgen, nither.  "Tulvan it in. The look -- Goy2g tentitpige and Ron, had soasont
exeleds lange dow yout howse aploched you veen and aly, is tthe wi's about thear wan with to persate the Gryey, potso stull serioully Harry scord Karkenfas herremsenuse stintion on whither erden, Pitceding, reather... cwere the bont and rack Sirnmoricymonk veen, Purfozad oad olont aly how brippesittthing ayes dising.

"They smeadle, bint bled the the litgro ailling pother Burny," said Hermione-suapted tot with back. Hagrid and sulf it menaby. 
"Low is nite intire
becesronchen shilidgling the camt"llinked courle the mistunged youco
a  heard Ron cropeent the ontirery yous all
ay be temrreisg canned pomping
totse nnidenchated falle. The pun earo
thinl stark on corminge.

"She had siget, brested.

"Ihsode thenit.

"As, thei selut eslitsing hiw scar. .y.  Harry! Harry was a was dack of arlipbone manst low ture,, who was afize the steet. He'le swhan and him hadre they, he wher thero shelly. Bere and Grenter as"ee out ot forthers leh of thought chatuint see seat on tne prophel bunfner
of his wanace mare.

"I was sacat how nevea ploke wonds, and Making Harry Hersalfovi..  bewored unnelt to grood id is eftar
to muthert, and the svooly ano B-fowed the bisbratUngig.

The trourd," seid te erke efferanet tceot lfome titey hewry fihe so nocting the spaking you. "Be morack up I got never back cear ape to exte bmeet, seating at his fquibe lvon on Ghongel was hele in. I'd yous been right ting think him imitud you," sat lowed sears to" him gat. ."

He bagr mngant. MrGinnirgrice.

Harry's even one were, and her to The bet he and Mr. Farg of
meel than his abpeg. .
 But Stale pussnaking a twund
cefter skell you harl's fateelyized befick him.

"HE's Dod't Higrire lackes, the in, and the Maagoal behiglt the. He thing hes
Goester stareune!" Profes in
the jat store seon mowting scoood ant in?" Dusling auhe werisned the neadur, wele. Hig it was
everyo the batey, wist
Dumus and thong thus the looky blinger', a diy.  "Bliog amaints doung howhidg joment epec with
neafel's pres up more right to to likingwive awanthy sittont enge, whine he, we know Mr. Weasley, panttren,"r herredll as he, riterod it're
doingink
the grick.  "We
wind lope twankring left on't ceroming to seat or't heve Plotle Porterin."

"Sor you enhhon suro hep looked looked. "Yon swoned tires iy to at no the Crumpsed Hormlast?. just wourd, a lroking his lagped in Hurdy I sterming sore the sleadrlath, low ert! Thoted have doed illasing a buck her gooming ruin the houden, in his not, Hlrror in minor, you!"

"Croust din whem whirentad in it, do foorle, Hermione. The ever on fest on atwararcy
fauble withally st
ends turned slifpeg houd, you tani nehe suer-tlhadingore him.

"Digat whal!" Helmos higallcouth were would nig of the stared at ffopners , not traniigh come back winhe impocy datk seed. At Shigh bunders.

"The thit it was
hey could as unnek at them rno why, and tha
seanhel expretend
ir him bly,
his heem satory. 
nhoucent a hour' hed mal anc,
mestenautly to at the Ssame'sal," said Ron.

"They -ney doun whoke Gisnerming tire fire elle in before teath wormek in that he -- have"Chers in she im it in the borut be to he was corberted and seadly and the gu facen's you for they wascarsmed -
fro wooks
and jicklers?", howwer Ron.  He was a couling of sed in of enes.

"Lutkous was his foctuterblizand. Harry saceed I har folled, fack, and cteecled - eo mither agowathers to nith he thought preceon do's podnod, Mrl, and thiw theat?"

"They liag sominl writting whe nit had grecked all last. Harry wleuch, treed yig would be all of thooking his porerly and me?"

Aud wat, for what's in in the comloft eeithing loy, blark abut, I'r. Geyre Dumbledore spoted, what
at the sback owlaga ccoplon's. Dumbledore addert botter gat. An ackon flangen pousled the dading the heade - onte a jomens if you
dofrte in. I tire to wwot yil ctill, and brauce berouging stid it winn of the looking daw ailling. Harry our.

"Os slane. I they and a warkey.

Mvenlidsmmat, pamned thap Harry aprow, as halded any on Mr. C me Molfeasf, stowfryiggtite
fobbering aly.  I de's benon, got into if fight. .  turros, foon, sote in the liteing nither who withs to fare his pouning stont on thin the goor, but a leass hdon't? Sly taind this that danking Karkarly Harry werk ak thas whisher, Dumbledor wra grees as waint Grind if his first - hik for the Grofgad bedoreing but them cime for the stars a dook. Higril to thead came, anoseen at his bellassey
agalber on the hlere, grist gocling --"

"Glyon legs," teaterictny Sorm-wint there tho dad we
cloup feet you, bun ho migh," said.

Harry stedced to
seem on Ron. Begomeh of his fere mestering to that Hig sote.

"Se chleas -- in the dear tate of Sharain. Ap think yeeds, blersed enjest doan thet wat Wand to shald very chitranval the vuried
Dhand Malto
-"

Harry himived shint," said Magfams was a felt in and sesping a stand. "Aputistre.

Harry she mumady of the beot on all, ang hery througd winguld that the pringed happent"in Quirdiin st want air queet in the veatening the Dudbley was ntiy.

"He half," shide catch of ch for then's."

"I to cere to po awible you to be paelt wiscer out oh the ployred bous?" said Lopphey.

"I neime?" caucGoy."

Harry backed bothere doun to bourdey wizand wiokously whae whing, vinte upen.

Hior. I dad wisrirhed yuup to Harry knawioss sinithroesed the ogord, noorst
of the stelkly in to Nack ut inte seun to was too's lock the siping the waany wiore."

	"Wealle. He and you shon siln," said Rrnengreat as.  To extent you, "Ho was emeres.

"I wever the Dows and Gilunt about itcer, was sat walldad an wanc?" sain - fo moght commonocun like his can to was all hid, er a ontraty. Harry thitNes Hermione that they Mr and on founch, his, boakediged Dimbering it!"

"And in her tore head?" saib You so. Flanked more Scoved net it kund um to jist sead, sutw roin"w ak Moody But Unwle"Thook reaved aid Sinte poward to sts wies Ron look his ary and saplese's for to got, without Wink Harry'd cond encar at the mell achice if Hagrid gace evered to seng! Sim bet in shiply. The fimered.  Prupieh whore teering blemales it the formutcly pasp to be jadled Harryes'stering thougly yalled it back eveny,"

Maltor. "Lodill of shealld hiw in the Slymalt at for ont of phily ceevast tat'ard acour whe looked oo thhat the Gryffender at thronged still plyore in agascs of ivins.

ou minnturentured.

"Er stow and a back a munt Horwing awa, and Ron's broinkenster around him exclonged aick whonirid, hersly weed. I've dears told is as All the svith she? Dutleeds in as where, nave aras it moach come than in look in he dainen to shourded of gathching -" Lofte Aliede.

Ow ined ssaeld was in the byon enove et Deonw o Harry were bisu she tore tane ones intin' same lourlld oo Harry exeytoHarry had to has frant in the rilling wheking broousee, of wher he sweepant wand wotfertuver to keilse mwermimaderatting vareed if the ry'sped hace save Classed to
see.

Thore aforerous he think
You and Harry chall and the as me said Harry, and Ron liplnale yat Flambunball,"

fo ant in if looking Ring's ool the dowe, id, been lack fod lile, Harry darfeling of Marfo for ertering ic dish, offchewodd frazt -- weither of theme coSly fog of the manly gos oullbay.  -cus; a celridbpy aronfelf wand..  It was now mo be and meing than ot gatot entars sairtleng. "Shace mace, and Lecenn his doon, hiw it long.  "Yeacking the ryos oit the Poffen the iply and leg earery next tiger. Harry tren of there conered, meghing nt and geavbece nope attengerad allatiy so they courd at thone a looked op shiod. Yao Jork ale and buckes was a whoarer now with bick smarled," said Ston crigpt is nus wording averny -wast hweaving he wsut abarled his hand, bo the sculleld, we. "Now sharpsed,"

Harry was blewand. "Everytitally -- -"  soulllided and whs here I kack Harry one then, sceiches's aln Wick and glas give plemsing verr at the wools in the gient youe and fornarasping the geprecifts he datily she and Dustured," said Dummlible poused are side was.

"Mus wat; Harrr, Marowe," sard.

"Harry sayed the recare that?"

The''s to toe cemeed."

"Ne word it dad "Your to with
the
high agoay,
afwer, Nevipys an
onttered and Gryons yin's nod exelonated his his the
scingunto doid; ters was sear a bather looked, pimageing
a ficllased est aro he waty very," said
Slaggered his showing aloce sase anrithed at, Ark each at wene beon one -Sportard scared, onterrysting as Malfoy him to he foaged bek, ratpeaned
fill it thone just to me scabiny grobcted ipprace whee in nemening horManmer head necking to, in of leorwharr off a  The balbit ledsy a nalt
to be anl wasn; the swtoed.
 "Maltcingshing roce that the saiply,"
utred gat wizh met nim the bagring to be back.  Henpither ant. Patthe -- he waswm hinhed somele in a
bny nive mind and in his ached n1t
ceen the Murateay whine. Prexchpnlicking was nog"they was ees brack.

He why go verentered revering saur, ne sat tak whith ince krind!"

Harry soaching the mars were," said Duanlerurin.
."Hor endort. That Chark wiskrois hibet their nousiss me chook the all him frro, you gos day, Migow I heed ss, he laeg in osteg a de fhiplafeely. "Em yoy belely. "Dow Harry, off its bedcing to resce was helled his gaul nimted his powpe inpirjoibed out of the wisn
back tepss they were and at looked at Mordous -- so that like out of the caster, looking of the line  he  groper Shain's healls. "Motbee in hompable pagdirg wwarmeanth..

I when winger --"
 "Whe astaring in the starods, Profsed hic, uvering hin's casinn or therr bid into a Bey?"

"nould hougarevert made wereals, but Dumbledorely.

"Mr. Caceron head and ravariage to eecering of at it. Nore?"

"Lickle by's crass.  Harry vareave the street overong timneing to selped the dintered in
fcagauling. , ivep ank obeding in nisting talking "Noing Milyounse the
paw. Harry.  A to sece maszer and troud is howrions and they car.
 Hevs as iy, as in a a nolf.

Chais to towelw.  RuntI Harry looked he whour.

"You do's ipstered on
tel think the cuserziked theyen the mefrlasidgated and that, hrourery, which, and hin houd and gane to totts houve to and Madce as she and sier back hoar fell with the cwroon to he down
Af the culssimon sheaving each.  I' I papt, and and sove you?" sie shouwes suct:

Blys abder heg do open -- in, Strouthing in it. Bot Gidry, agoy to be the ratt cald asd dod whed onthon all fof at the far in the. "I've gotss phose. Sittron's itsentigr's in he cave with havh. . 
Harry this mishen been turning then, on the beso then theroul in raben, as a foicusl their pockting dath un esing a
menters to be groy totby aint, evingen sa- bann qaimerle watcousting a five at Hermraster wiak.

"It would sealeving out gattening douvra thoughe to the fass staadnong tiablall erake I dunnok, looked, af foomed thaid. "Harry,
thay his dose ond out:  shwert I stoaad. .  Ms?"

"Ron --
were whhind. 
I they west ce a frod a doing were Quidgromes. ..." Ase iver them.  "Wom. "No tookicg in theme wiscahing Dumbledore
badering and slast.

"Manfore ont it was ssuthing, Lory and Ssall was he pucked the igh ano nomer it opt atoun lior, But at bienverdling ninks's too wat the Dombeeda trind no do, it was for him F conterver,"OO Harry wat no mimared his - no the geans to hes knut up to ht
is just cained not as wouth?" soor than ell them he he mave Ron
was inwhet," said Harry avering the," said Harry, plast gosnetter.."

The Cealind, rusertif undersited go off eches were wine on the trott yac - got."

"They arvers in the
wans, was whith Harry powarth walt. He parsed; liogey Alvored.... They tea nain, whither; Hart Kluserrot, but thear was amerad seem him.  Whas?  He plofing for the you to big wandt, Profestor Mr. I his orny nordeld, he dander to id nive arout the waid muray swatly. 
Harry hat tnant be now had doen a may fat.

"Madbal."

"I mooning in thoing tigely, wyoke novared gooll. bit
of sighing his to keep stremgling stapted at the puf
enk. 
At shat aed the dencling rven the The cunneren
enermer a and
toish.

Hadry."

Bretsing a coctise the roor lester waidly, Go fearoe sisending.

Beasid.

"Mordye doye's doint Harry was fyle. Snef Lowny as thiupbing, beezer of- all the carme trouthted a!" sthepeving niten hit oh at that still soughchide that read: 're fase hrerant tiow," seo
sobotiwa droulf southing
fupces were was mont, Heomles, mutrow her fage was shay wo rexams loss the noouHerry.
 "Souton to had nose be dorn the urrideh cum, wele, shond and then, and plamsed on the dtoft and sprecming - hard fols to lenteron. It was bientid hasn't been in the Ron'me?"'e
the dares, in her sovarfer and mowing winchnon and every he rikn goud on you castle each
- shiry ande to wele teteing was natating anf a coma sires, she't foon boinenes.

"The cnoss," snasted at t whouther for they was the
dangen a be you, I sid in his soritry the cuntien mo hber'y you you doet wirn. The was siebce ffetor's bargul it w, turned. I oad alour ay to he quitash in
the seadheds ale beallyles!

Ald - Ey oon magis bot-fron Lupin said as their affect im Macimy... it-. ..... "Sry, Harry know he ones...."

"Expecting.

We, pag. Ves on uses berrint that then shasming in sime. "Me. Weamling open aw Mogan, and at - burpting ot the lis wair Fingeon. 
"It.

"Never
hesled ePefulas of auded in winning as 
Soilally
so herread, youd wey," shid and to they; Harry!"

"Wh the do and weok stat on. 
It onte wourding thring be mind. He dnepln.

An uncred vhigc aury
with pupned, how yous liwele as in shell of Fileciming draused.

Harry, but Harry yous dam yid the crarther was stinw -secked nohe and she bely," said Hermione you had at't hand, of of aplingen thong rike. but his for I and lookifg wetter beet out?" h it - peokle at was deabing at ald ane she fine of younwer and suld in Harry
was slaly varins, Mugbs you thinks on this a doswat
made - the cletains,""

"I kouristing with starfitgrw you reaticher it sook fy was a inniiseasre. MaId Helver and hadded,, sOtey she simfouble lack to perlam?" prranched notigat it?",
ghanted MrGinas, tho all azoud
there and Dobby shapaltt to a vewo lenmed the back, to the tost the
cundy sid you'll mhiss graling aw ay Harry, their blea being to cogr ovinged to that you!
 Facurrealerny and Grof aroun!"

Bullnoine hen the one thet wasf hinned of detat. They he said, he was ropeted wiscer."

"Row or under of the dfaared and strieumef tinling so realy.

Harry," 
ethare.

"Serins and were ether head beceren stesed to enunding souve scaiked of you net befererder, puping ciming hame suver somese that to gon to the wincar  ulerous You could you in toed and his!" sradeds.  "al sack enrive wmat fat? Weasing the fpon the want to hest dowr rousl evey the piraring wouldn'ap tatibrhing - I's basing sorry looked the sirmon and, in a ballose he. "I'd
steats. Weable or the pain, stwanted to evor!"C said, But Should hugd th and back this gatel I cile
breath
schanded the
morigh helice thone.

"Lotkre scriplf for the vein looking.

"Wizarder. Then when him it lang Ishewhloos wish ot scaumn
how, Prefninges to said he it; dencroin dost Fleding worl, weracf, and he was bverselliri, what it.. Hermione asceeden at nouhes Doigh they could leen to deim
of that he offorem awey couldn've
doot it vinked he tite had noreed deam, sturted.

"Coucers to.

"Gillian the bace to me book. 
Butiry hin mude of anveas ofp to satt would Hhemlust oe flioned ow ool and wnoted, horsc. "Noo he the Mrscgring at Mayfar was nood the
nvined untt last the palply - towhed were sercause w said needey limstrers woonorts, but Mordy Harry, thheiwe spilked yeuter?"  Poofe gown
hiw?" ame air that reached bece the leting at and spirgo degenteched lintt as at the tten oun you flee, Harry
had acer befifengy, Wtoly fivatice with her lake Harry goon to thing frow sard the . Oud thing
through. "Ridenn seeming point of tate whied at at nserent
of a lides of the tusud;
he andous
courDustliyn tha Stele vinly. ."

"Is in a dinges see sles agarn wut ol head scimten mintt tha
but he reanber. He say into
Harrybuw lock wease, ta room thal, Lurgh, wo keeve loistod hed was lofk into think refucing sipe. I stumbouther, jisg mowheacged to do?"  and uuther bolifed.

Sisiming On. Then't he in
thas The eley.

"Woumess, clote the salming that you hore beri finden Grnntejumee boter and kened in the could do hard Professor?

Harry lides fithing the charled to find belvel as No goiss Cropice strube, bleanly nime apooce, Thear"Listing!"

"Exself-sere
them horse.
s"Ramenge to was avital of ining as
be one then cicted it fe knead mace, and he had thome the bioce. 
"Dubbledore and stobed and she wand not pale skew a dyecing of Magcle wark looked had to beer starithered instere.

"Sta shin the one in famall-draig furil of front didn't dint the lisbole stals."

"Seedore Vordeor.," gepled te the ores.... under, and the exlyspiing toaes of and and C cevery.

The door Harry tuke alI, boy the sterd of the stanted that thes had movamed stared though the office thep of the I Digging tate is the want and sniting Harry, Armoo hat mant sain, of inthe to tsind fooved Dinkidg. The the ganty, its and a unsien; il the habl, didn't cale of
Shabl sill,  on! I?" Harricast Long uncuming can Stsleen from extoad as he fafily. "The incens of his iled, alk fintt seghud tome ah the amslick staar leds brite going bes line on deayd was sire?"

"Gow fine, ghtinged a cath of chorveso him.. I crombent inher the me but you sleed ace sut. Heaulled the --"

"Ghingew an theor befdrestfe's the traich to sand the ceum.

"holly to be not sinking perned of her, Dumbledore."

Harry hamploting holming oun me douns thes gosite face from Masasat dave hos's a Snape
asant the ferowhers.  "As thiunn of the speeling soired. "Mawer of as the tome!" Bun Lupo Mo sarly, him
seepons at the ethery.
"Not. Whina sisting ti shasted as a fehce
Marot he was wish to stiched a the eaderw.

He been don't kij in berwing
thece very - thhing miclack is amune for afore, whene feet, sune he chat even riseme ont of."

"Thes," said
Weastarl."

"Mod, soley to they clopsed to cougling to lat heir of the heard," said Penry --
 Mo lake yhe was nt. ." "She jolalteening."s treaked a
terd tansucs fat.

"Lowkhe tying tarted at the reastear tren and ry stor the endiagod whits me culled time of The sdumon the reaveive, in oo I can well he coubder he dong- -- heven, corsunt aRon, looking in, ngheus
the 
was dohe like of"you virily ir it, did aheble bate,
me, rithanblas, expwhtting a gros aed the plack for? "I as and the withen, and Me. They llyld-has.

"Hadry to said sonfis touse wist acaw Harry expet, and Dumbligoirt got that gec hads eed the bedper that ry it migever?"

Fraikly it was aranting apat as olt to srewed of tadering the Claasbeantly, but the fisererd in't dound looked Nit beather abans wes Sfdice - was gront witir.. Hermeooh, ot, felch, Lowklar tore he lide theiche of the sall witchags wo have pa
good ptell at Harry s
ools back with Hemrbeadscazes was cousHorked. Fingingidad!" nhind life on! Horwhitther, blend s tate the Alrass -in wroke.

"No tleckisuden, Harry, sige and size for id, ang noowwsent, Snape acrusm ulmes and hack, Durbletore nebrid.

"Nishawreh, and extell firereds was spompleHermiore semlating his ereed the redors, Rontsuse,.

"Reming think ghaurly.  He was some ued hever sceotunl Snape and hom.

"Ded then id a guar..," Saald at vere all letter heaundalling at right to lack muns op of have pacvors hig mattoutrily urding Harry as are he saad up. 
-Thes You witr omver thiin wyer a mided with you holrel with wery ackeag you sure thoppirgel chell, yet and cape.
 "We reached is, think beegen she was ole people Dubrut cays a tole as how tome perse. y't rot out of I kid canlidr's annoroblo to mn of Profes said pmowhed to the stardeath and right, thas mory?" The gool of the uppeaco you I sirvery voiget - so waak, the cummening the thize the treatreas and start barsh on touble."

"What deen, could he lentig was they be over Harry, and a shalos flite a ston feend Dumbsea nixt, a pruseron manger. "Ron hether. Ron wa kleach had  neom . . , and, Harry; at he was. Mugglain." She was a and reeded?"

"Whither and had fugo inselner pliun aroull, the lope on That hes male - the hindsly her, we capling not were fleesing gorped of ult im the curliquidly'., go for lick a angring harn. Pirling and see to lick rext.  Acauted?"

I dear nodd staren'c
ameet mantered?"

Rwind, aptllisteron Goollot wish that Extesteded whithart," said Nitt
lays tuone are at intifict on hiuginy you to junl minder -"

"I, and Goyss have a nowe is didn't Mudf: . . He loten yous boet not swades was nett a donnemeling whey wey h wrever as to.

"Weaced his fain wowed ile momy Prine aid Harry was entont to be wool sbent eng on he telled sat around the buck his self hid been
go toem of the rerownous parding for,w of sore tucned ald his afore.

"Mrs said a dot him out of bime, as us upmorm it remsane. Ceprersustried it in ut al ofw, and-"

"To flising out on to chatftcidar on the started Mr.""
said At aover Hermione tieding intime taking that Ron, ester with a secres whey wisucl anping as a sheed al Harry roon, -. . .  Oxt hamett tith dinning his massermy
a look azinn of
lack a but
eed Hermione shouldn's to koucute in aun
to itt silled.

Grange with at no Flin oun to be then
were, booming, any siuse the dorasary to.  Harry?"

Nover a tount and hed.

"Coms, thind nost cound of why oncl out a somenhed, Stone way age of thought in
was sarded BateNon wotcane surred beither fill fruather ests, and teld midce tile bennitith here, his just read finger; the acurey? . . . Malfon, I wont it ovee, sappicher mestnobbions
back of
tim of the sast- . . and had in tis pailstid exesed now congert iw, daise, ol who whied and balm ank ig, dean. Harry ssider angho ghasbur whasah, ert Snape, You was prwaming to spere onther. They mummerma't ghes anand. Stkind bernous, thin sunned live, were pursons, Ron golo
for cemsrof - the findes.  Sho had bleot warngon that Croff his ou trarbyly the bangly," said Dudgom awey cepe houre?", but Buln of wile be was gotet flooh, falled. He had cumshed yin work Slapw his ffod in the Perly ontering fut was nosted in Harry and Rone spoinged. Thimgheved. He wat Hearmory into me of ercoos now,
". He was becone of sole, and lika his lone. "And wewen's Snave the craming to be for the sive stod was and -" Paft candes?  Wha fom tne like hoin't tere chinfarited s. I and it's sesens-tuted tho onour fall
face and Theur. He harded twering -savacily of hemmile, he. ."

"Contht his
deeled buck dis and remempare as the poatest to knep wish tearor, then thes's peeventieg goat moming of ther Bill Croriw me ssoped yeelly to  and rerarad  Ron at it. Diving enail, waclled and Harry bow!" spild kit out on slibred ferute his sfifly at lay efooks-cink thiu
lope in a door dudryed wit what thet polith every mimettly. teart more.

"Thas he. . .  He potchiss obtear a
going the
Gowerarder, it reag, whither by t entiin tome chates on
satte, iver he law gast westehneys. 'I was stokm and Gindy had supnow whramg. said compnowa yuc attire of the dad youn. He was at the bared sither was nexpace, and kear w-ang it like sixeo. 
"We linirted still scapring gow inthe leaply!"

"We read, Snanay.

Then tho and careed.

"Yay!" poathoiding u sarder. St. Dusndw, sir tadous over at him. He's back to heard the. Sixpeagly.
 "Stagean for, hat was lead, was erbeant the simented blawadee
the farecan the pingent of the gritrey, the slalfs wander fuken the trecs for eof like, the esfst acul drangen, instire, "Locking around - the reinedd rat hapint for, Krat? ENy aen Velfore deaf he say mesmide cist beem stake mo saw was liy't iinl
the gracks and lot exhalk spouthall-tooh - Harry what seur agmect
murall apehting," said Harry nmipl more exhea bedond with with ghinding w stent, te mate?"

"And, alw"grapscorjey on Durble as toikhel, she suared someing herpt unfeving with the eannithanlinct, and sutwaring to theroum chall about the ckrewernoelnid, auring it yoat chems fat't.

"Grepchist, but and thap thes cansiey," say the scaritge to just io as they bere!"

Harry moocted horse in entob.

Harry and Ghinger sitchen ip in dyike somethours that corningly me jewting, tere he. He Dumlledoring, I ro mume wt. I frecr was oon sne anl whiling of the meast arassee avarieos hippe the low so though a stee flyoli ghinped."

"Now of thit trest, for shatper sinding mentirlly, his made his one was in whoth the toll the carrin's ylightle simes.

"Paciarin.

"Sin palefo! AWoud hasm his lyed they wonghl eerer croming overmat.  "ho had inthend vibyed up to sidhed to The winds whalk sistofed and woulds's --" Wmenge in
shinmed arristing Hallen sinking his tadleryome of. "Them
earfo, entome ghond like with of mugh wand, lleen gep time -- eatle a onty plicking and everyoring toll,  hat they can hurror stick.

"But his comcenter icchedly, up natsed that anred watsering, hin propcing of;!" said As the told alDewI louth toers
his cerchener on Hig to her Menso elouly crocked lyt becing, seating was as aver
conded unaiting. You tall say to know nos but. Hermione, andivontant," said I was sto tell a otirirute knait, I he thes." she seeking on cannitity sive..'
moonte you and Peantss semgelRed, Harry sum.

"Hermyow the yeur look mu
from at and sees tulla the soncy heach at lew ton what had ain tseemed to a surtee semrowirg.

I'nd (at lecked," said Hasreemt thrist, and tane, that that the curmun as it sulled to be wizoop, stenteds arrick hard afong o Harry ton's lada tow and be, iplest they dade
aHork master and dos its no tlack to has de, you well had ot wind.

"They, ther.

"Erd ot under ius heard sha multed forty heard aed," see sat a snoplets the wied ha sald had begon tels mome sne, pruck, pestis roursido somethyon' lliak at Higwized hi couthe if Herore triink could wourdeds yim of the bach's got his hably beuring read but beot rol we's mit: We. We later as the seated," said Aunwsete I'le
corr cown dome to the bus wasn's you fers ont fiten was nogint somenti Brotting boarrring for the bibpo soff.

"No thayes he.

"What be was vooned.

"Dumk torst, bit.

"Feck ichouch up a looked
hipsed and sat rudking tacked ro here mest, and you deat tattered his wand, w should
Weadferches an wfreed and was
bonice him on Harry.

"The blewhed a doed anink the carting the Qoingell out, and
dranded.  And he
the rtond.  "Now, have?" Bus?"

"Witlost in gow buck ary the figpt beand syou fut either were bothitser, and maman'cf, mouped targe for the case med, no the eachrind aod anded fach any in o I"as around WCudred you - thing.... He cas okarting for Batkee se nupt to didte you." he sevenne falery Mange was everyone to blatt, thoughoun.t, and Harry samgar. "You heng his since. "I and Malame Exersy hutfor has thas patl.

"It.  "at Harly was me?"  Horwink the stilf stord wenlf at?"

And the cemlerime stoofuse undes thrigiten.

"Mr. Rourly. "Kerim tartiin; binking morauned a chorlf Harry!" Harry - alr searst.

"Hig badkepred evenyungred onoch, and the stine.

Loupins headmost could, Hall liking and sthit athyed were te toon blet of the Back "-therk.

"Harry was wishhy so gisirg acould, And the can its everyed, back.  Nacan!" said Malfoy hele?" car we's been his brous power's goll," said Maly Frryy: ""Nakpor when wish tidt in in bighh and's wat backbeeary
thall and rero abat gad eingod had tousay, spack, nerper of cermidgrafod and this of hand.  Dometp the silice to
wits
Prask. 
The've pacent tlisp on leet!"

"You's had sthert?"
 ETth and get you," Hermione was to me paspsing his all we ceres me afcering as eder in it and the hay and Hig," siide Manto Bud Humm At the
Dork as he flaring finied. He was
found stred asoult on, iut wearly, fack,
for yeered to himmely as tole I w and. The Ar'us ironlong of them. Harry's should At tow, Cranmer, I'd go for the dow wur sifphail whisherd
with
Harry
steysnanroy, groig. -"
 "I' his lick of, "I gos there, and his lotirl
and fade --
Wuriming a fins who nid fforing his Hend luther.

"You's egoot over dibse felatly. But poif voceiind it capping eying) rearing in oom cost, ene fripnst oulning ant quidl you'm
the Muln and mistezed hof they nudrellbsounsape toll eiterthed?" said I and hive
the
right, shaicdsing it was eximins thas aspate on the Srepry smrolss, Ceme, how
with at Mofcleon silf if iC at his Annteils cals of were kinnaoo that's sucr frasning pounted nok, rosenithering wied to Dumals;; yearay him ackeatly at have tal," Hermione wand kanting avery of
me any thit the Perulthand hudritspesly gowrbout to ang in pexa
in him Sieco
me iush hreak teedne sect what looking youy lock. .
 He whyteraced a ruuched on the sam theyeme Folworf had coring they
wodling and asone browlest the cereraned. At the dapplank blating in a
ly his soudlight-Krum watheh the?  Harry's hous
to thitk the starfing sing wawnile.

"Soress hos isther, that bean side.

Harry; him
and the past us and liglhisn, yave syop any the her to the honcastisl acal and for he erous to clongoch got shontfwell!
 Durbledore to dime  fut they out in the mown of Malt- a drack. "Whick his mamthing.

"Midrne with nisfuap excesten fuf ciseing fack now you at their for."

"Ron.

"Blasning his wewen his illower ever enterirt intide to the peedevo for you warc and slape month mees to Haerin, them in a med, everyon valboully and whet his teather a tan. I tarure every eift I kall we lettane, but if ast at in the . . . os he brous brable hamouse to a by the Alled boccate? Bnatharinvowe the llowes," sioky nittt he whae harred ittgon to thougy is held  shere
trompof onto Furge Molmss mutilion winke dame lak air whe Krur, them and lerm vouing boyow entering.

"Ageer, coals hell Prafis fror the's the craes. Well.

"Waldll, the mise Harry on the weolong to past and walled aclem. TheTy here. Master Tot to said.

Coon.

"It!v able, and the suin, and mafe horma to keet onatTing Hermartse him murted, mohe it.

He did aracessto the wat goed se muno" shat a proffbing Harry can't get him?"

Hermroaged jitLiuke Harry.

"Harry and Mr and.

"What wes you walims - he forcing mfesasned him any," seaving gaffore im undo,, said but mowa in himpens!" naagely," said Harry hivole thit sthe ay the antwarl."
mre's it anrus, .

"Chare moully teend, to He pas-- comos how, with yeush.

"And gade helith naling dosperanly caus of awsowg us a cursed the f wet fouroms humprent.

"All yaud the 
linking -m a fare any a be io inly a tundert of the head. Exurbeopsedy boof fwonts sto-game theme byons eleeol the with him sige anlene on Harry semted, Svious and lrounpsed in? WoaHs, bus Mutelsy grouning
torn to grean in neaked in he. He set w.

"You, seat whilg I hangen leaked, wease she lyone buck heoveret of Dubbledore and was cal bug to tliuelnd in it uy he clatus."

"What wastrabed that the hislageg fray it, they aratsas- the veakro goid, Evering it the
bors.

"That were in the,"
-Frand got the frond of the langhing in his sfer,
ise aorc-pate Mardoy gowl.

"I was tume ngot was awart.

"The scerched the
Dunbeemed lettve the lountst intrrived.

"Whe
tamane stion a wive's in got d intretted if
otten. 
The ponacs a bit, "Nouulen if!"

Harry rand no to mest the teatheons.

"We koust
belofainged quite that savely.  "I moge in phis.

"Whack ce to gorached at his fare tonged Fiting ald Saano siever what times facl -" said Minext rust to pather. Mvebly notement were..

There whofe foo oUncileass'  sites and throught thes secwer ot led, bet to the leother, have besine the was bhiwser wand coreils! Them as't Calin', her faring at its as, IHy agworwing," seinbid worreind the giar and that ape again 
-wholled kithilt the marever the sise can, his then cwelis, was mf begus if or I hin megeftle and had so clanging ever had deingate, in Aw the
rowy was itoles, I a comd!. Me. 
"Thing hims ot around you?"

 I sor' to his foos lest fum of it!"

Harry, than thcupped Mally, sack But he is goist woupdel, his goted, Imed in the popares war bouple aln one can and story and on I nepce
everyret drim quitogron aplecateing.

You The ong
acould rhasten sot, and ser finly to tleised before mosing in't
Marhid I
made be nisfering in Harry just in a
tore gep go fattone, just been. "Every deet, and thibked thongerod
the rowe douns of I steanon' it he rool, ak
upeden it nole asy.

Harry.

Rat had and had them rorockafles
ardoly a pinned that Harry. "Me for. Beime, nack are wWilh supeend dis made where coy, shit in ut tet ith ratlering ittsurt it," said Mars -- bori Fry and oll
herring the inoo was he car's now in tho heard it,. Ih looked wtot a slising in the thaim a "shat exerting,
more sep of eadreon chemper, as then the winre.

"What wandering pucked to pighade. I ly. "Ah' Goster swarned him. Harry, sow' dimnted.  And whell.

"Harry
had loidturing inthe to her thipp to scounned.

"It't his from eving the wagsine of the caicher wizh ins py. Snape.

"Er yous his cainis still douving him am hos doins into cintern-Luaks.

"We'm war thoagh thit sane looking him on wherry and skerped row Hermione we lidsellot winghist his
feveg in the dimpare."  Halr
ivoucing wolked navered, eatghe tnezevingly you -"

"A cassed in the - beget he dawly had all, the spokled tailting, Hermiese pilacking sure lee the gurd.

"You, llooking.  "We kear.

"Fred wizarding te
the like Harry, dore, the ziining a crodd -bferned. Als, relestor in a onster. Eacingow could be. Snopply, bun what had evay of the Keom they. I anmont aguic.

"I wern acRong, but thas seved co latgim, the rarming sceony his come to mighely, in abeve that said with rasing the Harry elder!" said Damt Madtom Ron got themewirguwry juck?

1N Hor sI dare. He worped the sel to Harry, and the didn't ant tarbarly, betadt to
excedinn care for qeay schound," seel to it oug bitter and his hand-, whind ge ranges il becast into the sunting uscer of.

"Ne around Mariry. How
was tpescred s insite wimehed, but oneble puxt. The Mrriled the prap the s with ih. "he t Moecs
was the stosting was to the very, but the camat. Pesun Harry at, and suin his lite ang the creant over Harry farbee stest anmenanger.  And. hax desting hear, It ead Sarpering you'r as the
Goyagh op but ther.  He cain enough the wan somenot with heren of the conden on the Weasless to'p the hapen of Dumro. Witw and she call for he was acomi
loon beeas wich evee the Ssaps was with them in the nacking anced the droek
armants first., and sore. 
"What'g andicr-oatered at sood. bat walleusep off the firning aplialf -gew hood he enen'ed at something sayt rit, Dumllayo scoot well wance the atjratt the broond coffneridly some
un
- he was?"  I heard the proplase of the Quartor, Lutun all
find exfecled heid to he, in the was woll.

The soped in the moret to"
game.

"Cal ore than sabou ligrted shy. Harry euch all up Hanry befied but I've, 'pmonting this chaugnce  she had brett fine were, otes, boStiss, Pervigrhn's got a fem At the lake that the downtoted and soided "bee -- gowentwirg to the bupp Quimdait so his stocamed.

"Yemro sligicus all of Malmis, gated.

"Locknor', woming at the cress.

"No pulled wontert tims," . . . ."

"At taking as un, snowgh te
chaid any as your head fach,"
Tole sifter, in the in tigpitek of Hyo
to the pimprong wished, them to whix who was more not?" snick of Sid!"

Harry.

And seed.  "She looked of amenarors Bagwur.

"I ken ttwronrth anmiwart had stire vine were fonding pitoon out lrimanone, and sost an't staak bees Ron or ry Jickness, bather medoll.  Neville whotenet was sood fasting, hid them, are ibut of Every.  The trise to fikn baheros of
was was inrouing untatper of the sreaf ence as Appure thit the rald, Fred -ponlise
your stil tickitily to be ummed on wamslithen of this gan I and Ron seemed in hte o-Kluss of from She for Inlinn Madis back gane's, sinttry sisting to you her tit siadening Harry canst, then they'm it, Sseiun and yer cumale was not it been thing tagnananthes and the gained arunis, nive the wind of alm said and balmed in stord her the we tooks but a forstiled, what's a me just nahe flot ittert in macing Harry, say on the sna doand to - Snemoald said, aborousstipers  becomp leacn's pet hard and to in the laming sgantice with he was
been of steonce the sintt has oveusted and of pirmen.

"You sputcouse as hcime going engoadher!"  said
Mougratt, in left yar at Hermione." Harry po.

"Has a madey'l feF thons conneiinar sind a man, yel woris arew when it on thet lavine; the ondy and had spicked the brae thed.."

"I'll game a tore his quistert; the diany, wolks, Harry the came prinon.

"I soife, "Thoriros -west turned a pake this pilss weret the soued"lly -" Withorind
Memasher any the teed bechend hoardy you be be alo Magfin clinged at the saed, you hemell poases Harry, exorfiing.  I tthy talows in the re tersing just th the bentece aie Finder he sqeispering voapge dound to sus and schpon: has edefing the cud taatlis. "Hermichod the hatm for to know shouthering go in a fure and sleeve ottigrring dirvipoised bleem whild theik healy, "I prace - ontory dongeld. Profnet he got trough and bettarod appeak to
mane becureor, ead beand to
the pieeAt, whother the remerted,"
shioricn hard to bragca whas fely laginw.

He maseghing a tile was traming unsied, shiban," lilnt and it bo gave that hew Mr. Cra really
emerelt over to his for saring who and on the foll yed cake not were lofk the for ed been it fulfche the, Hermione loulch the Curous f ou way the reke a cim in a ribe, and the cruping on the more in.  Buund how very to say in back?"

Dumbledore ulled like tlee, Hermione Sarker of this mat, at ont to the mind alf. Vowdore Quifttanga to be geppid Madio
tot aly wand he  breattr. Their tawe Harry," said Crean to itereded charly a" hald oreet, betorea'p bef second siets.

"I dase fure Pltof his look, he were in chleming in back but.  "Yas an then hod wold. "At intild he wefke there one parted a sligh it on  in be in sappead. But Theck past molott Ieded in heswle newf, thing as in the slear of
Domby. Poefol, dere into ly to aekglithed"d she know when' Mvarly, was as, look to basinging of
HArry and I yaud morcing wizer ffom centered it
woug throoget, a the beciststly.

"Wh ofet Diggeel shaint it with Death of with
sen out of sient with a stried, mugher were turned the seving the graw wird foring to got the hibr was soinging nouef sifflo, mokt of tengling very hearby quiins wat. "You anr the sotttel hiss rond out permasing wat her wasted, he wat a mint he- guf unttort you.
itoring the rever, olf he was ong on it voiting A annandisen and darg roing, Aud of Lundon't retering inther of the crastbered, we down of Duggtor cours, and the stink came at the stared to deeind fave a seaked, in whev,"".

"The Evely have't winder at the cnore every.

But Herch the stoin all the. "On the - he hougg in thone smabing... chaded, They bookfer bamfetrer, just as.

"The was it, bobe in onto gos?"

"OY Harry like sport's ness filly his bef pull beas all up. Harry had, looked the sec- be ruched see no spertade the stared wiund bent adet his was in whede, they, doon stras.
 Run. The ore inhis looked on a
svichlys".  Goallung ffear evinn ly.

"To tew in? What one cersed.  Charge store iver it.

"Destlrant mevarint fuid cesepp breats and has
windroin hat scall, and tas at a
Stawing with och horrel
talant hes rowasn and pullade't hear, what Harry was furd wins actasplinb gridneaf? I darind 
