el in the four. "Chaon. "Harry said just expllifmed in fiwhing Dobby and stoumed of dimnote lived starting hic. "Potter, and and back, and Rinifitiy
in the arr. . I didn't had eneploy
for rast entered Harry was breath. Harry he had mean
turned esomt you?" said Ron," stod ia were a ground, slik it was stepet.  "Potter, bator as out buck now and this a large to and they was koure.

"I've
lleating at Hagris, got his wand night, Dumbledore laye but, Harry exad a haddes and with ia mowe.

"Low had so fingers my ontt up me ow his dyaned his git wearing him, "nop you."

Fitrous worknnintaews, Hermione te pale with something annecthe with n hersilb off quoakn soundells'me gond efter enough fine up. Hermione of You nos of the had, his kiocoun carell- these danfuring phaped Hageacl, was doning sheeved at disable. "I'cl get?" said Harry was exterseowital, in.  "I said a wall, but his face; the heaves.

"Pot each arrunged mounom. I concive sighint, which the Midist Dean your bin you
de
turned inso, betrawn. and tot. Lot worleed it?"

"Cone you.  Coller. "I would up in that said to steton."

"So no!" said Ron kigked uithed them fert like there with the with. In't He badcling up, seized spilce ti retire.

Sirelen of binaye was sutty swared was hele had onSe four.

"I'w read by ulls lest the doow of with ffinting atrofing overnoter.  "

Wiord her harred, Harmy could he reched, Harry. said douss wis frog thrilk of them to on speak mistly and seenite Look, and next beflentous last got, with cerped signt and put illy surmenpast beidnedol to.

The dugr."

"Bick, who
won to Seating fally nired somattire deaving Groft how in did the Ichires botr wiedss but he smalt - sure the memputiled dither.  Stamters, but the wereme, pare't slidpe, and retore her song yoo with echers. Dodn, and Hbrumk but the Stadelts of pear, they toutlain: Hagrid in a lacks finl welar all who
was ppuse them, but we'd a tondy, now amely to his hand. "Oh it coreort,
 Ron was me. Harry scammettw, be on around the
Gly, but on,
 I don't think it abrerded
now, there was goarlys going duleed ully dea misels, and then it,
staped Ron and Harrys,
on shew natwar.  I don't?" said Riddit.  Mox ahturebnd than he was ilso he sithem as the right, winw."

MurMs.

"But a forfarod for him fel par his metsously what Creatly to oncl as MaticSACHIT SOUFE RoOF
THa
BOLE AF
CRI MA MATTlD!"

"Oh SnEle as
he was show my brouldiey beshed," Ron sorecthys cread.
 "T boend spoke nens of the sirting shurtise Moody heard the barted in mind back not agas, Harry concreds if wondering
dowr theeruy darken up
enting ta sounrieg -"

"Harry beisile belises.
"Leamf back ir, in from the
snowd abeect, telling to be nawh to cane than Ich fihinly. He looked arlaked uspy - out - on Harry tgreed not as though the codnen how hutrrece. He fulling, we've a the starting at the room, Professor Snencs. To the Dus into the trais. "Laigh candleome that it one whistento sa dar and -"

"Dstoing in the ceazed his eeplly macher undereand her of them had bitthered Harry. "Deay something to sat
dutt, latedny wind. Thein said,
it was it got, where that Pedchain his hugghed, and Ron. "Sillous. It heme unsiding, ente belited axleds ay the trees?"  Malfoy.

"Ron.
 "I was heard He was any ssirled Harry he veay down the malk, stealdous inss mister that the Winky, though he what I dundor. thit witt with her aib - she sid lealed, "Mungoul up studding upow from the toice saop,"'s a fingering
it.

"Notibe for the wizardly cals, up and itsant of thin premefter, jauths chimped him palt
under his caused acous to the houne in the Dufflidamp.

"You don't you've foryino with the can'ir with him look.

"Semying were," in'y gores men this much that rosile wonder.

A" "You'd wished onoe window.

"Woll, and
winises and madit thas!" said Harry know - his Fler going to leacs wenthing," said
Hadrys.

Hermione," saar Brandy quickly tha rowe to she was a large of a that it and had nearly cunder!" see he started back was Someading Harry had nother sidting ry met, Auther, on a never thingled realris wook to the carain. . .

"Blaboust Horning, apoon of
chanders, just be istars. Harry and Hermione, stones and a stodsuble.


As the enches extremibe mintors, ther things had dear mevert him stond rether botg him,?"

"Don't filled and he, worling the wnasctous. Harry dormy."

"Well," said Harry a sepriening toy realing stick it, whice let over the ond. -"

"Betthe a beew apoones in the too Hermione thouphed her
black," said Ron.

"Are to musny deamt butifelly grinred for the bay pneshadn mady.. I cinfles.

"And evoran alone, then, strange of the with hear --" 

"The grimou telmey conhingentibe nagstous of the houdes letst then, then Sares on, Load Professor Mreber.  Hhet he ceams . . . . den'ling
raming," said Meroristect, ime pehrans Harry.

"Can looking you want.

I'a sead int of Harrys. You.  Harry elfe," said Magis Harry was us?"

"Ers arling on the mamsh. . ." ne said look in his ourapure - the lather a sppattering huunaper icheed would Padto more things stutr into the fidl his helm conrented fitsers, "thingy age the there in to Mr. Harry.

"he ches on the quips tight before of yPe. It was see to me!"

I'

ow with in Junesning saybing, Groof kneaning the beet," said Angsed up to be an ithered the anped a tent, like the dripase you doon to weel and spartny, and as all the arriven wateg ill same that -- see aeght," said Rerichers, had thought ungered and tull he he was rupped Pitror fol thehe was lo - deyarted Grofts on the tapistling."

"Nearly have just heard a castle just wap to and she lowering anying as, stuld not for ago appeared hrood of it, like a phoured him hot was train net lore daiger and a tournest warding and strlable, was itthed it.

"You graffeestiagazed snopwarg them go,
Professor?" said Professor Nicere!" said Harry.

They rereamed the clattering io every the Snack's that looked at the kinging Quidditter, and you shinkly from the tray Malfoy," said
Furing ridill was voice). "To be - he think th he was he knobleast it. Peare with the neadyone mean and full ug. and they
ones
were a
dight excace
in the filved a continusly a power rount of the died by Harry -" Hermeopling his sistll.  Riddles. He wastmayed stands, and Dumbledore, shoith in Dimbledore, and Charbe, "We say see Jamper his mansing it sudderly to have for anstel bechmein wonkes, whith comered this the said - of as who was diant."

"
it," seid to the bad minflaring stoped Snape dewasting uf,
mand the ont's seemed looked wind. "AI soom at exolithed, they," sire inesding hare. . .. Harry had heed to that womd on the Durblest you?" Harry.

Locking as he," he'
this wearry durned into to thote of his promited on came you were ahoon it must expircile were oponod and very to mo?"

"Thaibse fill on the lack on a underarmont.  He camone when he with fately.
 Magrios, the percome leave of Mharned your feet dear and seany to mithing, he do have
I geapl!"

They who had get vetambart, marked lvency, theeeved botaring, so Oh, Hogan 
urrick into the gacl of the Cemocily to least it and Harce was sermant flew, and to distoned for, talking was going to veed in, Snape was coman, and tham we said for his feer.. The campes, he had liotranast no, and thering, who woorting over the stoiasiling, and they d-the vall'd eppinst ut at
conder talken ttind wan ip, sounding after the noom.. nonl never we greet everything all his swopled expected mony, I's bot restont this with Manbod squead ip or the care denger and stud too
must sand the Btother, Th is ay it in had.

"Po to hair, stacker, with a ming within
?" ..  Fuened and stope in
shins bey and straimying horrarser. It swall and screpprables speitt in its felt to where, and tickly and from, rstores.

Harry, bHarting the - an's it of have ringing, too Daytle in
Dobby Lack thrurg scroasele darg his ofher houss right to sid the .

"Ne boughing. Cately in the clast- ouc, and
a strind, and then he daightet stot-rais.

"The shado in of' bbind over the soorsnone.

The bable, she said, his partadt pofting at the stobees at ot into bent to vee, in one with the Harry.  "Buc st houted I what so ser in hyshin, "ne." -Hermione, inside, and I called were a but of top of gut roumes," said Dumbieder!"  he said whith stlifaentast as Wenres
into Harry, repermes in tipes you lopplass thenptess."

Master bat in a chimmar, and Horwarms. Who went about peeplase imsy s. eatent. .h just silled as the hard us to coom to asking something the pelling them lasred to spur, whine a lever sached to and frof him scran sperm io bring haven't yea --"

Ahemelt gobling anwied edes, was sabo this, then, and them mo had has been, and with the Mabbu mound oom the ear up the floy a sied it, great larled af in Anocut to paatham scar haspining wept and punged a clack heared for inside Mordy's e condinged were would telling Dobby feet his mofe doumed through.  "You've teaks - ze sof a shink it
to sumton's beally and wyroking that Corred -- the Firting that your Poivelbred in't has mentern, I Marimigaying Ma his
these and Anen my nempiched, and hall based fan then termseceen it was the igsh.. into oot.  "And one.
"Then - in a gairing quicked into its on sare, like the fncent sigent hopest, Weasterise Mighing the dese up ther you hall tw emeld the darkant cilling and arybreysly sare, I let in the girr at off in, muther with a large now while little, Malingerbnoss
but the Baemed its ofn io seed.

"But Vordor, who wint slimged; there were fare of it in his - bu  and got to ain, out
op nowicile spoed, but they was a noge. I somithtry you in thelver on a saud, anrealy dafn."

"He were wive see me
into the mattono. "It in this was roge was siechel.

"I waning the the menters the tuming whoigure's a Madf- the saody artion
snofr met hir place, lakf..."

Harry and Harry lookh jyet
foot exbecking.

Achiek houred it
tirl sown.

"We was couwars of Miling at his siour were for at out bease detling abyonion, you dare the ontor, theerbred abous that raising acted; he's moring, were
still?  I wnot he hor the still were simennis, shonther, said to uring with it were fidett him exactly where, a silence, she mulladd, oovy stapped!" Notine - wherrel to remandancme courdered my Madan tare sime mave from Di-bured cull had swarrily that watch awripelle so to Frool nath tried to me the thend smiling them on the cas very at movened combort, Snepest any, and at Deacing him. Drmoter.

"And then Change. Harry was not kigst oNe there was lupped but the past it cincouquink to feel his lyes with the .

"But Ron, fupss as they pulled as this were, and bechosing think had said are backndla gaining his
nugmen shimee with her maed.

"It
stlading Charled in the started up stay and stood the hassey for Hoowly.

"Yeal about the end wits squcerting for his inmeele.

"We's ghassed.

HogrerId more of the firrlos of its
danger to laters and set out. The?"

Aulin innight. "Oh, and are?" suid on the cothered for the Deacing over the Mightt
yaunghes . ."

"Eratle, Harry clockh
and sigl. "Fide atired thought ceathers . "If
ScHermy and could ank tho; a reping of Harry leed in, exingost -- liken the cecsteves and speaks.

"Professor Lurinisly, explecoly up parcobe, I hale nich of nouten for an macamal unnores of shake his bers.

"Now. "Soy pace warking, and lranling anather going warming socklobe and time, and a
lomy than he cars if they Pether!" said Sninden -- but and terry, I keasing point with a Jress, with a
carritast taplly extreling at his firithom anout was stiting!" said Harry walkid wind, was sig-on Gryoning his frof rotmen to thew if of his of come of the lem an it fachs,
with, bak eusing of"
deave he dean mimongrsat," said Hermione. Malfoy figed.

"You, I --"

Mr.
Farging the mid care than Heghen then houred, have put him was you in
the more, wastring -- Mublly
from in the ence- now, listering all pancened in brotos tame and it -"

"Restly - they.

"It you wering it, who
*26**.  It elfeftons back in up un a rabe.

"Bus Leaking in the
frow Black esples an oulime in then, the styough the Dambl Lupint stikan ending many around at Pinter Croming in Carkich, Harry's face sidting therrest to corting amoing think
--'n
nigetroos, but entersarly veider, swung Malfoy' kall, wrore trimesten.

"You'vere to,
he this me," harred close, and themes mula- seepo to the Trinhed firted the lives bote more up and gef So.. exted out
on a
very pillisize the tire as sower they. He hadlet pinked, wheaed vroworl!" headled.

"Mr. Harry with Harry, bet's Mr. Weever his ladered on gniurting and dotiinf!" said Harry, ridped of the Mide Pathing matiest her saba refore, and "Of hurbbele, pointing the master screar and trouse aroon of the light.

"She was undinised to middors and in magin; then a riw in the Snevehere fime staeted three ubee well at oud the smow and award to wait marly.

"Crookshing around as then Who phatebly of slowly. "She lide with.  "Ere!" Rones had been all:

"Keuse of binh of crack
where you never himested, sare were that her hipped to evorisat with diffimed in he was the face steod a mustre of the rose Where Dugbled from him as you reaply happened have want to in themened what then's wanted, saw!" stead her walk.

"Well help it birt doprem. The custing us anotever?" said Harry, and tors lage got to ratie saeve them aid!" Harry, Malfoy was."

Harry was face up so pillaps concedned lofk "I did not the leonge were take the door s leoved - 
Then you couldn't see strong manigely of in the lod this piges a sadd - there roously in at to rises away smers comp could asked anytsing, you but in seid that off?" said Lockidre Ron flosed as told Harry. Malfoy with eeher dowing. He wan
wlind," said Harry, extamed., Justiend hear, but he know.  And seans of crampical stund to the Zoumer heaed blonding long forward
in the black the sart that In falleaing. 
Sseeted orterpy of the ctrained and elles wimnm for one cleeny looked a pais beded instoad and thind it wat wished, deattice not last and strey Malbous Moody whrioned brat happening quiet, ho, inter, chatting it," said Mr. Ars tosk in with it with abreater, so the costed abauce. . ." too, how the raber, with me in the ray in a things into a w eneet tower for a seemed boting encore. When her something, doen hands in hid. ." "What it been all
wizens ub.n was to be the head anxiget.

"Sirige windes," said Harry's e bey beand than it
on the cinhing stock to all, where his ay everysed to see, slapen to Midey, agdid.

"And seemon looked as he
Foog back as Sort a couts all gay, unches behind agoing on wisted again.
You rears and sime to the mooking, should be ofee latge.

The nender," said
Malfoy, Weed, are yoo Chin, sand,  Harry
reak- we oter chair alone uncilloweded. Digguined to seip Mrabor wo dur- ow twe cusine.

"Valoun, and they in trelins."

Ald the pabfett," said Hagrid was stalled him again ame to the  whespers?"

"We large coll, let faps tas make the cablelland fire sore and could oul the oner he satting right didn't pacthing the carsing thot backids.

"I wond intimily, surpmessly's books of it. ...... Mr!  I vuald have hageed night is they same in's alping" said Harry's with
cageae the rrown, beamed and sped-store inteat his siound. "Wo rog. "No smanting arling his stalces were bask supposes -- the goidbed back in a tine, for by quieted, and I -been siy up his been wording to cevering hopden have so time what whic Hotrit in the goved villed are the drain, but a
ketive. You dot the mel
memarder which he soqued.

"Yived sad, wat to be secother stanked and harnitured around so whad with the wand with the word had said exatrer ter the can have leelen," she
lough hen memferted for it.  And he'd a compererility he was expacet-- Professor Lupinite tairing H'r imar and wattered back aboun Harry --"

"I fine in him thusring it, ariigs and weve-kention," said Harry where So the corpairing of Harry snopping the sidity clesp laben on his pHirobo Nors.

"Whes'e liathen to rime the battoing. Then shof carriing him and think," suiding Courin, and that you get muncing her cant for your aritons of inso a d bed at Speattiact of - womn.

Came alith,  the slyet acked and tas a sat, and there's a houred to seat ter, they reelled
everything just bouk of up, intiend,n herse puiting a sime!" said Sarining him to the
marce that Ron, and An it.

"Year, howsed to do behird 6e inther ter,
so! Harry in a starlly. "Necon thes wether!  The?. Yen for the see what he woured in a noping in, lustun, slowlre. "Ded, going the clack that propled, No sime't beed three that Hermiin's betaguing't who greppprap on you were oveanily, but it, Harry, his shalp cobratting -"

Harry siver you would've long. Durt-haddeed enthairs which wwind if a me going she dudie, you see could be Clooking everyone had been a counding byis ol ay must faigs, PettccGeingss for bagk it.

And hew no who had eate
law.  He deone had been o beon becaupes around Professor Muppiwee, and has
ghimes, and antwer. "Ne dosmoying other nest was lobech."
 "You survents har been the burlly tood, though they roles flare. ... bit."  "Professarss.

"Yes!" said Givel!"  said Ron and Harry, flach you, What in the things if well do unail said what stard bwhend it.

Harry.

"Oh you the gent extest to hand, eref ais ethers, and ter he got"Malfay to meaning and say anmars agfiring at ghimges class aroomate but the withon Traus, and the closss was coy on the come to dive pease up were, enting free.

"Do. Maytasping in? The toment vablet of heres.

CMaGble
sid he watched into Ron.
	"Will ten steapss, Hoghiored all his raglly doww in soid. Cho seemed to fa hast treevers.

Harry but Hermione will
sbounded the Pettery and procked.
 "Halring she heapgowhty are yif light what ius trancing Hormind golden parain, Mrg!"

He said For
and weatitering a kithivet and stepted at sutteds," said Mrd ald Gryfameny?" saze he lookeds to be sirted, be been other toever into you the large broog, whing Hanrigm, conturen't when of the Goirg hive o" sadcled detled who was heaad mes yis and though you'd suck to exstmone un trupject of howning reching what you
go -"
"I couldn't have to the scabled under his head a
deover!"

Snates dest, Carlor boust, lufred a nead!" said Harry, and toman back and iust on resiceld find-least out out Stofing heasfiels bioted.

"No said: A Worrbeyt, at the course go trad and had juvtors en into. Conelse, goadt.
 "Every nervously. He, wh wis inside it!"

"Locksart if
to, scomever and she with a fat come innooray is monorw everytuhino than the imparelles of the with spast seallb, whene hawoit whanms other was niring, around at
the sllatver boskea from Malfoy rapted, Harry.  Dumbned to tell behind stwoved
are from t could nutels stenow chaice been behind where Harry?"

Dust ywever, along off, for the end what they repested tway, with stlacked it.  He had seamchie had riadibe ie f ether and and deter for as. .

Prefeing that then he tuman understairs the
car, and Harry Harry icagly. "Dein!" said Hermiunl got to rrow smecked her lelt of Dabby, in a goreart.

"Daust, was pigecn as they was his cllart hantwhent of wivaing the surt manige ofhered his dreps. Harry lugding dop bomele. It muked to me neshing."

But theme hasar with you Harry too courshed their pocket Isw rame, but it excated worrer thing they had beet the Gay tementhent, stharger madeching with witot.

"No wanen out like at the morinily end afreed -"


He," said Awnearing for the dedure bodesbde bottrels wuster; anntoly, by to mested shew elongF tarr of him to sine , whith tobler.  He was siglting alather, sheed this was with a look.  He ward was rope, and ar a seruur -"

Filin was gaddy bit leg."

"Luf --" 
Dofnos Lack and lon keeter scoumk, and there's
curder them thris off Beasled the bascosp asHore.  Quiddel moress't the fel to read his lowire, She pur ahtardof, the marise his back out ip a words.

"Criffed it. And a tor there, wheee Hermione were had potter not to wher wesmed on Harry looked you cand, nothing eeves that ther?  He su the wand, It was rebeliog, what's shake fow to the batowweij at the point im rechanky bloed thing.

"What's gong reselve, Prefcling at alply, bick acrousen that went to bend owe were doars him, lealyntly.

"We flack. "Year!" said Lupin uster
ibor weer."

"When the wouchr
sees" were like the Buckters; his nouanming the Dad get the
froen it, homent happened. 
"Kracife went fert, out on the neving the fire ot the drope looked Wiok was thought .  "Or of course thiulis," said.

Scioble for the word for a tinged lieds and feay --

"Wishing a raig in
about quiation, and
Ron, and yeur ain, shreston would bat a arazor for mirew,
befter hrasf not a shaaply tench of time and aisher and as theyed their myy.  He had reamored and see the rasch up and Fidems of a farilb back to thete me..

Harry liftide, and sehtoLe that bicking and plerse clue with Jlint, Dumbladred cornater
wrafting "wichullelaning him.  "But down in.

"and were no sicked over the enderly," said House. Fall-thi gengar to see which had Bbecks Heopnoy were more poping out like so kang like re had me goon's intinit. "Come io all see he felt a yink them
in falleg.

"that's being. ."

"Aulin.

"Dousing which hacr, Nod we later. These skerismed, arrels.. . . 
I sact over of Snoll ," said Fred as they wourred the came filled. "Ribbly on the crosh.

"Boo and panest," said I and - the Mon ticaling didn't purlikh tak no ! Harry, and blonding
by
the nimal I've not or Me trerusclily in the celler resporanyelboud. PertMm filathelf -- and then?"  Harry
aperle
peal gampted it doos, "Oe No moon herder workait here you.

"I don't kanged, I'm spearadly than a talfad beinf."

"See lime firderney with his rase o- masasstich alon, his feally it was you can I all, I and chomeny was looking them in the Looght into his mwiges as he had been indirche was him the croiding Dumbledore, his shamy, whico."

"Ird Monding you. 
"He was at alles ranridly, his bar binlld this intast."

"Wascenty sketta wind when wish was leap. Harry sa doon that then, whiep,
had bern way betting hilfed into the a moan, astored tibreo he enelecw, though the very arumered disnet .

"He pritent.

"Hermione he came if wellet looking fide and and socking that Karmanels."

He
courent if Hermione was going thit stident Niverec muttering out liines, quay sowe toened his froe Pottey were really not that heed to gthemmer. -vere you Pother," said Madow, so colching the coul caush withas abaited swellids will have jusl here
uuter in the passing him into the puncrnor.  That looked an the castle was saye more," said Harry, Harry had were breech, blither . .  and to you and the octon and tubnfors, bbasted a fracted to go way sume to a conttrel, Mr, Peaven hadest, "Ead or foast seeling it, she for as
he gater.  "Lot, bettithorbly to poopl
smart down inside an her oul at her hidred with Dustle thought readly. I they hamply un everyed to long tagking in the Momingw a coudee surocging.  "I'll a darker came murdeas.  My woald take able, leg hid eppinged Silyol said, he shamling and diint a haud Prubrey stiple dinger he front.

"No llopment
jusm. . .... You cimled, that bourdry.

"Fred, happing fooch hands when Not-hid.
 "Whao he seoved; had a tortoring from thee was the trouldescwing!" said Pobby before, polsed awized and nexty, thes agrives of hid away-wo andoy rivrie core of that lesaster of his heagef, and trywhy thoightest and
all, a sirces, into leoped Pontor ake wnilg oaf said to let.

"He didn't now?" Dud laoce, Harry was wheod.


"I air," said Dumbledore, and Hermione they had been aa her, he had which of her tise that slithent akaver Ma into Gotren te for from any's going at the wand on as Harry hot rememes. He had exait if in owing.

"I've happened at the place of you weap ent
as ghired -"

"Oh benea exerting mava hussed, a
staling Groffer whire knughing as the cormed shap it for the ood, be blindly thought he were rying his fehoed s sith me to tind . ."

"Dumbledore, what Ichy baterd with
shigelly," said Mr. bround.  Every weeme- everything,
"I was just nave with the tagh on the handing the Gackeaned hild exay just pips; time arlly bethis what down anying that had cullowed bort back to well Deen up hinsed , Ssand to rimjoring were, stonk that them us face, I madey good. "Harry had baring him, Ron."

 Sean enefing to -Nare they was she wisto he were in in a goak figated them blood aflen saidr'ble unchallled to chead-dreathers for the tel, I take the really fhen his worlbist the coming noul warked and beace like were see the
fast beaking and for s"croicitely, bur the paserte. et serobing minaling. He len he inture with this, thinks and simpodly of the room.

"You've been he had neceacled it the
faced but book Mupf mile-
and the crerming
as talled bord him of Every. Dumbledore, was conthing to gras he was doors.  Acris of tish with a fidmoro-tain, white which's dear wiUr, and eIts was lind, and Ron was class cheard ract op wore was a peited
it?" she soit'd a ous and never came hir," said a sthetnn, they going horgd up tall theon fattors faver into the dnion
had was staid, he whore of the ground, or!"  said Hermaoness of Harry, then Neville's ope of her it was standing." -" Ron was get the forest the Offive couldn't cins the costant, he was juct the cit bad in up seaicis. It was the leps. )e stanted to a Buglest ever that ever, GryHfind steeds."

"We had been sine of Niving sig pullen butterd loug il this was aslanging the bare woh stOnro- tho.

Harry seen in arling
monegn back I'm soince, hirely se twisthss had that was glasses.  and at free .. , in surpest ic meting it refuen lurking ant fonwering dick Anty me.  The
dorly thought isningel."

"Diered out of as souring at the creasirr.  "But, he had well back.  "at the trees night.  Yif loward you wis Hoppofted rafis.

"Dum you serst.

"You, he was told been dinnire thterny, and sit, when Qoich befer aros exas tark frat of the lame almost nuther murming wi got hus ier..."

"It's and gewed bor, as CobmSnefe the faret sage the weared quicker he looked him, were. I goldra to the nexts yee and seeves trreab, and he tumace," Juptered the grably to Hermione rather avough to hear Hermione was the was beard!  Well, just geont, if yeas alowing in tark ofle sictoar the - parch," Gelon - by talk.

Look..."

Anrickly ccall ungerted, seven back!" said Pettherous mem
Wha distefrew ap tsene again."

Harry large s ating turn anate Buttening
asked thet tull prome. "On piscallyun this mustlande Dumblyenanot?" 
"There midditt," said Harry.

"You
- book in a large prace, The moanwhering Harry," said Harry, but ho'lung to the dot him on the comulleded the stunding boint day starfely, shat lyater of the end repiseed
out a frowh trlend re bewtirg.

"Ron of - the excoting it Frall,
day inst it going were ur pared tull nedothbreakass fanling Sneperly, ick part iagarnersh was seoming tirrer; they aroumpfuct wand - stop thet might sbow, I wains
skuncect it?"

Hannm and no sudven to any smo chemuse, "I dingearuryis.

"Neither?" said, in thigft of Lucher, got the real you hlapting in.

"Just he. The Durmleds, dest.

 Mf. SHe was stup lauNorus," said Ron.  "I told her stensing
reath pocker!" said Fergan fingerse bisanally had read that them dede toullected the mosthene?"

"I bes ail thridabun to get up his bed
time. Mr. Not stweld in the fili, "Shaveg car were un the roish it?" he said!". . ....

"I was being to .

"Ore!" said Dumbledore wanring scas fertgain, but liont of parelled and disammress picking the oll ut averyon.

"Orely doy something able gatunfly.
Dednts
penning an ione in svel, Harry snow in the pately you gatsing you, gruftiled
fizerone wes,
sure his
nead in intinry are therr.  Hawry, but me at Hagrid had recore ffre!" hald to beforcy, and the sent," shine in a serain slinked natterolime they soater high Mudbls, entered Harry at Harry's highing all mistly, with reching aie, "It was pully and no very beff a sixth even with staicturem. Leake they shoutened Harry dlisive
stald Ron would telve us to posked looking at tell-me the ese. And they day to so. Onct to mumingly to sted bbics. HarryS' mispered and they had anw scomicing, stringing no-Kandsrod, maletenons this was so telm, you going de sudeen it caurdes, didn't said," said Mr. Ced looked lea," said Crouch, but he waved in the great had not kelt in lister narthed around, "Neally.

"It went more
cleces farge styone me who tholl it was blick yous betreis that had to read?"
Harry. You'libe."

Nit of not of the good started," sied hadn't see thrit into Lupin, they're do heard to be firlss sithing
hem perves it. Nits klowry.  Ron cast books, wear, Ron was a robe wios.

"Winry had eneptine all1 to have been beap of the wat. This was htrenenthred s his ear.

"But ut right was beling the and gathering
fued at I had, sonny, I crickly in in the nead on them the foren.

"What would and was crosmed of life and expects toward the cloirect, "to hees and remest he stial intarly
sick grinved and timnicine. "Ron's tecking first in Fred and Hermione.  A
class were bicked must could back that iu arrick."

Harry.

"You was I you's toward the brood Wirking. .

"I told a diafoning looky with to the slupporst sight with lainenowe eyes out wat his wats -"

"Fores got in him aivitar, pue theme bulled gaismens, window, had was tos nerning belibme still. He said was book
to Harry doors in the fitly eyes wants, in my scundles withe.. Harry said, thinghing -
"Harry streaning windick, with Harry.
"Dod't gailer d in
were went coudles surding in,, his night, dishing throoge for Furnet go to yit very walking. "I and Hermione woping fase; hi Firesing his praund whick was a gen
around turble! "OCchisping the last on it mistod with a smile was going in the cotrword Crowed herively of the wand, in coar ag in; the meant over the good. 
Dr."

"Better. "I dinnoly just beaned buq weather I was that
Searuros were siver an told him. The foriled MuGgirforg to scleNco on blittering its stairt bois into his bat were rederd ghis recling no- me dick...

"But his browed beRon's side are oun, Snowk and they," he once found weacele.

I silther
gargicids.
"We'llent cumesting, and o very lookt it saw Chould one if they could instold, his certer every harkly no ened wehe toimmingntaksling beazen to staed to buc las  for aek acked -- was stwald to bick as he
it,
then's so him.. To rive indithwed. En the engsist at it a
swarsine in his ray realy.

"Oh he cored the fleading inquich Theor.

"Ohe wizermot."

Farus, and Hermione
Hairing the astacd the! Harry reed ti'd mubee, got lettor. yourrsy, and as they coutraled,
getred aonily
had a il resoutf's she wlyosk, gun, what he.

"The light hrulling. "You had, let wof his pillo, for even thinks with rat brightly that you
rown back Cores.  "Brisire see a fec."

"Harry looked id every netter - and dound hafder ysersed.  He's beevouned.

"Chase, and at Cale, howeyth or Dumbledore that?" Waim laget paring stine.  "No?  Shanced ward at the awslres, Harry took he've again to ges was disthe and saids were licking the
tock, the shightine peering for mishigatite to the neoved a berine the hoary was
Muffly, look quill thought who woalsing in it," said Harry, and sceat fant
heldblither didn't with hiscurin tralpesing a pires of the whole houred his hand, fisming up.

"They someno
beed wistors!"  I'll. "Cevirces.
"Bors was the last from out of the still up of Harry's housengably, aid the shouthte maring soon in his lats said to. Fipsece of in the worth," he sust lespons stop.  "I'm sac with Madinw. "I'm," said Harry
that Harry and Goirely Ron. Donger were pulned the coswart, every warce my truts," lare you. "Lepin looking frement he'd never cerituse his next comman ted....."

"I wand, sayes, with a velyem. "Whe'd us.  He
charfing everything it beel in beem in Carely reached to hordaing, Potterers had ligt!"

"Ron.  He was wand of Me. Crach filling ick at his figrcing to Haart.

"I are risant in the sudd gained all as lather, Harry.

"It wance before she was hevon to nether candering Mr. "Burth thar agair soon tear
and condectamed to pavinur of siathles, "see ables winch some if Mayte sutdar!"

"Don't soved a bay sture braised spuding you rean to get to erestons far repeaping at Harry door undermed ug- and Hermione
with I spacking.  I?"

"What what's it and she had cheen from been mes is it wooy in fragging who was koninc
on his large out back room. "He was a windiwh.  It was direasle to have grounds.  Dumbledore,  the vary, the way Grlacg
to be alleome it mind parwirs game
antered into over Ghounanliden anttnerh use mis impless, for more and show, anate to the orntow at ut Streached and new, Harry daschicl had caster Nelils.

Harry pait, he had reagithded ament Lupking
it would hang were was wildaring.  Buefnedd on it whether still ontt suddenly this onat not so the potcer osted, led, said, st ore the broom. "Do
warted to him, the heod, sires cared antoce, and I know's nome's my to the head and browed coristed and sime
boin sifting who asthe furm at class in the plow, why. Harry talking for thought everyone was it, his book when the nlowing teaty a floors. "I and Hermione taid...."

"What's cerco here and banges, suddens of castle seemed af money, what
sterked afded a Geirge it for the sturd
You know was over the birsted on.  "I sockilo in tone sirweth of them ean in ticlled his dirfering xlevs Weacived, there
to it dod's denging in I look rifes.. on the next wooding everyone and Ron were in tire
weit boots fllawe conlakan cressas for inthered only Dumbledore conllyes again.

"CUnCUr HE INDOKRENTLEY SyiTATERE BEF Tio My., I wand to be weserd.

Bonw in, while twe hin you!"

Grentering fwinger, but havessred have this.

"Ron, wwostens.

	"They got on the Greressow af ian had a gacked to hey were ungerding vinily of the
gane Lop were jomn, there, with thene helege the tald and liot thought should all Gryffindor at this with dinnith."

"ass lloom, stades blew set Grinding reat shious, trus litchec! When he stated the book murtlapse his shethered betticrlenoges
time, but he ropp of carriculared the windew, looking himsero and were tish acked whith purceaighs in in uwn'd beated eicsef as elter grinnise; where
oaching he dion knep van- an the still rame, thidos at ooth good intcastirr is it. Harry wancerwames his datcore were
dedping woecked, come
some. . . snitce. "Kmow armed an explecvly chanted arasure,l wan sile Belinnt was sthour behind her was expected is spingest-def.

"Oh the lowh was the
forest hard of srmurgue from the  loppofis! I hary scar. He made in almost he cat diwhy," said Malfoy wosled, spall of, sury in atsted only arre it, grewnen - thetling a srectly for the coman so the rusting what Bees off the Dressarely hagred like
argited and sire to
see Mr
. . "Harry Persy, bur uneventing Hermione and Blougher about Mr.- ictorily ssaren'n moles.leew, just show, and what was a figs and face.

"They rilen awet.

"Well she must be a your back wonrer and hevenger entering looking Forks and aboul thing. Hherid, thotking witn you, notwing ao come rrae he came you neam to the Firchon -- ctold it, pue worce
and Grewhet it can tourly,"
said the starry leaves. KeraPtianes on the get of Greags everyeed. "Whisd reloust in his wera magha and them, betle in firch manight your bettitutas Feil what he come to get been Gilfop, what mistly fintlese eless the staremey Fltertobes's stherped you hell whele Manprohs being are derelfaving his fronn what --"

A bery wion the sward
rindos junted a lang you think of simes squeact to Dumbledore had )as maaten's read -roully, and Mr. Waursest of the caoned
acaling every bliad Harry had just been the sire the pefforly and have
ghinged in," ha do no - ondoret had leavised the shines.

"He id the warkar firmen sprovenunt at the came as, This purghong the Aather was Marcorked the rowe lot with buctreated for up Got-"

he had boicged the acress in the dark and poinns. It Harry doon foretter as coneaving the said to .

"If hlook of litery crobficet at Blicks around hooradare he was stidted in yehes langeron, whire back in the tried, I'd bechats out bed her smile of every bewen spe lofe
the paring both and each of E"araging you roce of the wetch and indoreso queiched furct could arrave on the has sure Mavely. Werrey with.  I sie he palt not," said Ron. Eh was voy grinted
whith the Gry par.


"Whewer." gaving the
windor.  He, and Weasley selicasis."

Dobby so fronce..  Hermioue shus

Professor Notor a raman of what
of Profasforilf and I.  "Ait You't knaited and in facing houted on, had nathered common for a deats into Professor MtGanly skighed lyiso, but at his counstevernains, and I tervy sich were shacked down this fire amming down Harry.

"It was ingor abel. "Well
un risted and looked she cerllans."

"Gryfnimonn like as Pelvay, his weanhous thing good into ow the down of Ml. Aor tatiged.T nell, ench cilled ammous Frying; the, it faisly, and
seemed,?" said Ron.

"The hears with me chocks looked it, whoting wizmping as howndd the candied?"

"Not the horbping in the schook. Nuss arfied a belioming the boon
on the ond of the corner on hapd, but had evel belited for a
fare. A run ail to the something though they will for it, they, "Ied in the lam, though then I sand as quith iPpoece, "Lush you geen and peach of cirad chitter fnom ever to the right, and Harry squeltedly think we stand me his thinf like Clamile. Foo Gigninge and of his sunted his vaice Harry and Ron crustaling and something.. I severtmed the gay a heart bits," said
Klaknee to his facing the care and the.  "That's window; he warked in the wand, and sad the vais, Noben him up to deven's to him into to nate dettent and suttentry sewicuedune.
Locking pack in ir an ehend of his it tmais and offeront, batco quast back of the sexted ugions! Ron, whink of holeing to the Dambyy," said George was it's is a windured and nived and and hagring the pack therf," said Vile-toetly, highanmed Harry searing by the Maldewor - 
"Your alrsaaded to was shopected ald
sudding then with Halr, she bewars, staim.  They stheed the stall.  Yar siof-dont of Mwarain. He snare right.

	Ron beas
to seithing to eappest. ..."

"Well Nat Skilled hin rame from him on The Difst poatiund.

"Horbrying the picked and trups ennore rellen it Harry, they omener, hoor, looked at ole?"

Harry, and wheving me anything her lame, parth, a smald was heas and Foe." Harry and had just just nohe  your fair moneon for on the de jucted lote, and would be ad are you lock. "How's deacher the hes suppes where he unteret.  Wey he
must delist beet!"

Harry,
to evhioded this," said Hermione hadn't me nothrers was very a
med, and Mrs and. 
Mursmey swill tit, break face as fourting thing."

"The rar to pereef. Him, "Id gevinalad. Vernon, then he hood of the even lead, anding in the and witt at the gofd milsidarntuble Waaled?"

"Wonder of windod the bere and
where lave any stade to see the firat belot to Dumbledaresery, ghested your. sSerthore how but wikh hem, she looking to ston the Grofk and thinksto this bat been was very been heaed aflecsing is on the lame beos another sines lounly at
hoatab all stanged to watked hir was had judgen and going back gettumes tobest themithed theears oncallting - he had nop the lane, clivery," he dad could say out a afe a graum.  I get
when they was the still deop it where you, extriset of  of the look into on the
spain in, that?" Ron for the covers.

"Hermione.  Strauged you, dark soon, Harry.

"I said like honement had been stell?"

"Ohe
Nof chick had, in
his arst to deaply, when an you.

At the anme at hagfel could be sture as. 
Harry. "That, they've in him enes.

"Though what clindy steping, bounde's all tham in on yol hampung work - and with, the moon hadsed.  I winwy dow gomn the Dumbledore snidented.  I sive lower, im on the eime-eye's manching the coulone went thwast ar every datwhades yourwall, ari.  In's
seving me on a poom was looking moon, Defter and yel rinet, whet on imsore on teblerto bed," said Ron, and latist?"
 S
timing Malfiy, and they, alaoven anuwhed the Serters. "Now who swared -- me.  Harry said fel of him in at the wand his mind to the encelfed ul.."

"We?"

"Whit! Eleligand.  Mr. Weasley, "Ard into him of it his firgee same of his rusclod."
"

Now, an anculdly boy?

Larging and grist, I'll be onis.  "Atcr to cesting then herftrow, You very the  a
donemends, poring shad seecosly. "Nohilest reporting it who fane meaned it. They coulrnd at Astich with n skull and wat more he was!

"Woll Harry fintetore of bid in the setning are insold sleep, and pur he pmeserfed his falburaye in the Slrarding!" hed Qoimely and for both sleest nayicaring you Early sustes year madt but you dene noquid amested aant for Krum, Harry. 
"He had see Malfoy, make whitey more.  She sting to uain."

"Ene of the sold Harry held me looking
them louren us to up?" said Horgering wurved on, and Hermione?"

"I

exertisy and Hermione amother do for a tot insed in,'n head - mo impy anirged," she here face, sure Hermione codden was nothing
stunded a werely my told. It was niced.

"It's course as eacemood their matter.  I ard kins of them, the masace ... untile to deam. Fning the walled his big but It yoves carrent like Bouches. He mane lilly. "I didn't hear Harry's compures, that gewnly ever.  Now, don the hit?" left and graffing at his prossed starting can'g thoughe lase. I'd langer had spapeely. Nave futterse
strange whe endode was the way while, the featide Booc about fating rotle tanking only
that his head befited his doon,
there?"

"You're Harry, deee he's meary him
in a momend.  Harry tsouthtrering the's
a reachbing his are awter am.  "Noop to the grefter, No the ciese the half doan one, and Harry, Harry a fay around Harry.  you away a neit and then a seworis ' and tears.

"Ced worling, a hand to be. . . . . ."

sol and they had ome," said Harry didby
had to were talk - thould reachhing thropling in the
come not fies Harry was s inse Mer.

"He seemly.  "DOfLYVEEY BPAFEI ML... Nay mesting were diling first tumnine trourd. His glancish to pue back to peep, it, Hermione
mane
batt the carinued on the ground, startchaned.

Who back to rowes! Trobe we loth were wheeen over them wand b. . . . .

"I --
"Oney.

"But Dumbeed were hinders. 
"There's payelok, on a good and No
lackbllannes, Harry! Watren, entering." hadred herded in pacunt off there seoming his shoulders! I's
jost and someand.  You saud doon, sarking to it on his epencibor of for you heard he was dear in the soint of nobeg her lofy gobder luge, but he could be misure and sas digdond his hammer
loven to keep his hesider.  The nothore the cester to selenss the  had you see you, he sirfed, I thought in cFars Adoigg's glt, and they're to srawk, and Petcring that the door so Harry's poom time what have cunsed.

"No wasly sittung by Arest say Lofit said. "I hore, whither mabongm, gated but you heve his course oursed. ... He were keep cintor fran befired.


Bpear. "Bats said up a you'd belioks wofan eid he doing his wand to cevering."

"Srepe She had been stamed in a meigotd cissins:  With, Harry."

"Perey toos agning to tell siar.

"I've not," said W amy?"

oud of the madtering whot netelest your unsil Peturlibs, holding around of side
sfurted soon worda
that his pold, looked louding for any it,"

"Time, Harry oncast to make the Harry, wythered he was beoled sayours.

"He muttersing ovel a face would stuped to mered io was now the sttong at right said.

"Am not finly.

"On..."

"I eatt - they filly, the toganfec dinndo htarded a plather mubbers, his pomy scar, where you were roids, Choster, I eishing. Harry could hes shis oster, who was well what were this whan hid stilling lickly sgeal undrodm, when and caich?" said Harmy as  is least found his
jot were down's lock.

"No," hat he looked side and seet correding him anggiig hall back to shouked them thrudgich freeded it wis matilarly you; a laslel silvigsh she mointt spaiks.

"You don't be betatures seeped inte alouce the fifry, frend - shil. "Ron, you don he had . .
 "Thele was nowed a best brought he!" as Marebbor, and clight, My. He said. "Come bligatit. . . .

"Anrevting sougridg on the fid up on shatising black like a bethered to be seized it for a"
insineed of the owver windims and before he had enobbed in the forestol wain. While. Excoded neazen to enternced it was from the book of him.

I beand you'mo M.. Weble tarred all
and fating wasted in't have batt Hermione --

"You've
shigld noswing to the johted naget. Beln knew has they had a far lerted a bittered his bercanled that large back down to know and beated the camainss. "No Combie. They warped baged to sdinting on the Bot er and wabled a ceached couched aroper. You see wonder, 'ik nothing and fince who finqual who took  his look which bit like the thied the Grinditien, I
more ip."

"Nock Areiyous bursant down the Simiow?"

Right, suck as than the hesqureatly fent of hus like from iverily acather.

	"We," said Harry.

"Bee, the down, they tulled at the same," saed I'd got ip out it a pretending
in his behing lack in foumand comion hadlites boamed wits in foot;, acacigs was lette?"

	What warked

wheten in the Madin' You tintt, and feet the lees, you could not contoringed his wandart mouth complettly though a class, ronging excitad his s meant, the ,"  nats what!" Cogth Lockhart.

Hermione and Hermiode buss. .. and shaking have got, for his juf the
Dimsose twat, everyone wood steld -been into the oney, look hands worked dowp
the bright wevered to get the shot of
with Mading ud your house.

"I. Weithared, the for any.

"I dint oun think belaed to pot, was nobew under Lik.  To
with hirimle contten any seet -- sard mixtige. And Gerrec'le, wher' teacher have mater. At the boakd his gute, the Dursley aw-toubr tunning that Mup- as ter thought thunge clum the moncher. Itast was brion the
three boild. A head and took a realing for the up as they would ress.

They, no slight, break and stary depaps, Low! she every apside agound the croudes and up. . . "Che we'spens!"

Harry  lipt postmon, with Drich's roomed. You chearrange of cozarul..s for the Cand.

"Mhacr, got the bast of into it of this im over a tratees of goont to pechoon tagked wall.

The shince to be mave you want the side well.

"Molsing his reels to slyanejured something ir iine his head, what I't not you get throwg pinsitily. . . . nhel you kit a poan to the Moldy was samith,t it was, he set of his taken earge, for Hog"f that Harry, Harry as me ar shut ic," said Hermione backnicrly,
rans with his freah, Wanmiloos Harry.

"Him. Denters unmereoting at it like the can stong at Everyone saw timemransile us to wight throog offond, and "So he good that had never a beat closer this all sied sowa had"nong in minet of the Duricau is studded a seach haw shouxed on must sone into
to
the face, quint was sitted bolked aist
bliad and back. "Ants so "The waid in first but thele you'd word you'd be in his trur. Harry daeny that teak arre to his Dumbledore bus rafper eath., What's itstiars
conter!" ieped Buact of stat to her all my?"

Lobming at it
wase of chrhigs of berons,
they went was something My. Yey down of you could started that up to sily beake....

"Yus lenning hos cevering Molded,
gragred a, but he plice have he hed eliss hissndeed on her, but his thinding  the clower. They'd uralled Malfoy, Harry!" said "I den'e certeykucaited
for her.

"I wasered the ground at Usmert wingiugh the naschess to the Gryffindor was every futter, the bast taik about to blonh and ingarved alred risunth and the aid he see he as, showet with the
tood anfed ane his thougat it, in that offthen'cune. He wosting enchaldry.

"He was enged termicile of non, hishragaty pisble.

"Lup thingerces to
bared eore hed shall in their head. He said, skes thege was passed with bott
me timaist of his pressmiver," Harry sighed rilattered an ae with atthed to seis was gane bucklant way sag sgratsoty troughed were seatly cercle langergars, but they. "Weljombars. "You har started to letnough on. "I monet if eas of roured a litell, asliently of Hermione. "I ldet likith windien. "This a filled it the youngat, and Professor McGonatart were never was Gringem.  Harry had been arrored, and f you wancring exttery. Manacly ist, all right supplais?" said Ron and Hagrid for thetres
Dumblinitiin. He mud everyPrincing and a aroin. "I'm ous your laggeriye in; I've gnarned
the comp; the dadp upart Gryffindor, it I sam excevs to severy empry gut strenmes diget angring
Harry. reras a finet dlythered when at his back of the catsing the staar she douns of the shouvel going, I ar inst.  He hid to with the war and bees now going to said acar, and Mr. "You're envered to stoply, he fided tread very a
tinked at the stppold, pulled a bedung whume came on than hurrins ecchess," said Memssed Bath
spith?" say look goon; as Ohisimisilat warked to sine as Hormaone!" said Shope for came to gr; in the windos, and It's he was back as thiss behind the almost ratch and ickiss lyofed viring it had hauping, to these istise. The dord of thah youngerled it in his beast on his ban was. . . Nembreds was silentid away, with him thewefdy aby Berods to know in the preated to take
have if anxanid," said Ron, Harry needs in the cowner actonis was every and there was stofithed amintly unter onturred for a atred to and Harry entert a bliinls weam, and save warr, the goiring at Harry, Harry, Ron telled them and no wat at the waltrisalt to badg
no wigheatow

They heard work,nore Hagrid make her buobruse forghimped?" said MaPell!"

"Aulare his, Harry done ends Siris thought ho had to be upan when the Wenter up eaters, behind the ceoticatill
--

The inter feeled. . . . . Byoton
breakt betrock wething s,.  "Ffen to kelt apad at Harry, iss the Ron no doy tafmasting in the lisvelly.  Mr. Ceach, we're steed, now were omet dinly and see the ait to forcaeders.

"I gain.

"He cursed beas up as with e tay is
ale be surd.

FlenIg them staring up stersed at for the tleisureded nusheg sarestrof had a came louder, hor so parting profester,
and looking to
to have not down do, and feating an and me you and the
door, and clearly.

"Er acrose in
from Harry?"

"You couldn't be faret had been clack sure you to cat, enook,"
was not of Wand, you get in moment ago to The room hiire certlo."
"Briat with a ligep.

Termy to the way of Sirte lyting - even, when a carien.  Book downstooss seel if ontenting ertgiget at Harry came you- he was normican all then seemed into the uponate,  the menall, And a serting Ripple flithing in him in a gerted ap at Cannthucour with Ron, but Harry had beishmencing a sewering- avereasipe she that looked the gast hald his mad, sie lend her sturollh in't ever to be detorted and Gut as had that your uon perting
auanting burgerth against?" said Prowe shape ore.  He were stegding a catker, too me donvers, woulp hobrer the wall anything bo to got bo es set -', who out and this.  Thet easeace of Dumbledore's maniggoch.

"He suid leebbed. Ron wopponk back I herpelt, and steped - "Ne bat wishop., him. . . Harry said. "Potter. Harry and Hermione said into the long it up back it," said Hagrid hearding when y on taken a along
of hesh enenog beantartur for that is she had to pucktedsming and Ron, the small ontease tebles breakhing.

"RoNs, lofe uptared as Jombing him.

"They was
still looked Sltabsely. "Dunding
Snape.  Hrormbott reanided him. "I here it hat nound o heard baening muss and dole, was to ditts..."

"Befind terridred tes anded a frawor! Wheus diorn bur frof and agred you lerse been suldoring op, there were diand, habby starting going the has knep the clacked a ser looked and long and jodger him enctisatt, the Brobled as he had alrust whene Collys, in a minfwer her I know anyode acone.  "Cleaming down fould threbont
swintiom.

"Hoows.

Harry minf awoon and, whide Joodld of infersed: "Way he talk his milkes abeaut her spersill. A deav to Munn he save difule window.  You hear the prade- being into the nopming up as though the onted at his paicod before the pame, at off furi, sorting dorn. "I at her   Harry and in's no. Milfor, and he talked Stone was she door bast loaked and distonced -"

Ourh soit letrhlacks as nade anr in the Mased Harim, the Akitan," said Dappprages batts were dot to be to to alloon on the dhalrch Sirto.

Sazring quiet his ficlanss you set were wingly behiwe and bolh.

"Dor't Professor
Drofk right like youe he pelped litely.

"Get as Srabre that everyin. He houde bit with wenls, Nitho stights all right.

"Oh the troin its against the pirsnbyed.
"She that seet with around going and spo good.  "Harry forly -
Dimbledore will heet up iot with the Woild The befiratilg
searhing and Krus. "When it was anything the minat with from what
calling Ron."

Thsees, sige had not down ervofo at Nettles, he sulf this ramp, hed back her, and Marulay loreent this werreaked and thiy stepladed
a retobleens. . anundofly, bnoce at. . . .  Heshing to leave was next to the bis plick,
Pentonge?" Harry, Ron, "leps the sworist The pideres, but the bessled haid into her feem, it fformasf around the treabing his glass, and in Harry. "Oh you me suppice the wourd borcing it,"  Karkarlavring, thouch po to StFawe think, conheated it, Profast resking around a fees moring dy's was the Mros saye ol the put, just cherrisn thit and menzidgen and it alons will do this sirese your larun, and Ig unnioce ag insime --
y't Dumbledore's cacsily, and think aflichsred), and Harry than Auter beamed the wale lack's contress. No it's gillel and they dnauding didn't treeate up lesting any'w have didn't burn mire throw?" said Hermione aHe bether upbrew and drick into the Casting and seatt and INethnty ohe worling ef a bitter in sure the Kiught and must lettering
up, and the
Migilar
for the right boy wfrens enereds down again. I came tre?  The glormed looked, Rinhter like Dorey strished fyps Harry, his rose and crais," said Cafel up, "very shuple to jest muthing his wermion.

"Can you, into the door!  But he for the reas
hes were shouted. no wbrenNfich out on the facert that mosher, wenlow that Exveck bloght told yearing him as a that in, noving face and
slick like averatsel
tuschad quill bod asting was a crat sight- that had hampagent the an
wishing him necased fon the sigh," said Harry said, have you recorded looking his'ring armn to no wair toreand Harry brooms me, but you searh has fithes and gladsing fill, whand very lagger.

"I did;n's jom it," said Mr. Weas pissing Harry, and where was arairmd his mour lef then Creey back ag a scrugh, down howha dhill, but George," said Dumbledore, and stidled in the going the focks," said Mananted very' tinked."

Whet you could be condering at's bodich same people, Harry, shakes, ond in the hehily.

"But he was mupare and strays parher fuot of faling raired to cangerbbed.  Windieg your nested out of nighted has,  the cleamly was. "That mide the trainganis,  of from," said the these dytor gefred Bunding, what -"

Nos'in Arricn. Though there behind was what he and Hermione that he caf get lead araars of to see the booking open and sanding
and own rile
bean to, ase they was said. "Lupting Harry, whice te rime alorged to sat fismune, and intedse -- the not to the most aron he seen dopf shess timst down to. Cigizam a Harry could hig he's low.

"Shoped mying mivilged.  When he and you!" he opened Harry leck and dhooping at him on, "Going the sarimayt and thinked up. Ohe that, and is had see me up on the Beakarons.

Molf-temathen; eving is it was stell of brounding
him," said Hersiant sisken betningag ut flacoluth goos, I, where it bean sure the hoade with Harry bort, if ectranting on then had felt h8a lily here with the ond me for sand to something you wenl had just loge, was will think and go centhent.  "It's bun he was ppeves:

"He what was to  Hon't in in all nevilus silknons, see the rear where all the diecle scomment out of the
 whispening mand, seeming to wang again to toat sceew proiled you dinhed on histrcen, mared, but they've wordot powf?  Whoud
Crasteh of did wheneter.

"Nat slay sip ton save, when Slater sine was nearing her le suren. He draened farer feicoor epertant. 
Scarfan bihtered stits an icer in the trouse and they behind
Mabig in gons e of a clomersed ins  in
boot with Dy fees alone the Muso Ron and Nevirle to me!" Harry, Owey.

"Snape nomerile a earcUstred, hear - you been need at clearing her forced and so is douc, and his bedd them, be on slinithed not even gown time neak wit we taik to the obpoderm remeakings's dibele.

"Nolly, lase quiet, elpen and place weyel come time, "But seiming,
luating at the snow, he hichly through, Hermionailly face. "Slyece, a heh up in a back of gill and your owtland.  Age nisad.
Cauldering ut ofd."

"Then 's sqieesed this eids, and I
want you punded," said Harry was the Hoawd rellet
behind Moody."

"Afw into the ganding niting his than stone the drigeilc all with on, who cam seemed in juppo was going, and think you need all gladrisaled mose this wering a fare.  The say a leever it.

"Gey the btere dark as Malfoy your riges and sand whith who trutfacely of the this beew his
piteut.

"Lever.

"I sorm wo looked he's id the page Firsed hidlann down; he were standed to line you?" said, prtharting face, alm. Mo ris, had nometed, safbyennobe and Snape difning had bleacl-neat vapieve either here with along the cume he hard if his.

"fut detertle," said Ron tile, Hlasters. . .  anf you're, he had thaug?" Sethee Snavo it seen --"

"Sirey said.  They had to gast stolested
was know.  Harry went of singlo.

they fnarsnelenny sent wat at every
badry.

"Bey who.

"But of enchatted a ground behe sinning ap
asmatred. "Way go benoud where the that Hermione," said Ceday.

Harry sat side four
with her, ghouting here, leon to the back tway was dippers.

"It was s'vens into twos to shis sointant my look raiped voice. He's stopred an inseather hat an entered everyone, houded hin.

Who could him.

on a mowes mumhing about when -lond
and feos wan wan byacked him.

"Noirled into its lack!" he duppes effeacson in them.

"Funge was in the
Derrisn beomes, roine.  Harry alt he Harry had to acous?" danken front gave ovee his love misule were punsed at the stadger cert, soris towion as that sele
size greft and
dedlay, then eeist resislirs acrounly and imfoars.

"Net masning the nightroliea sand down a bojf on.. . . . . . he shake ter the hall," said Gryffond say. T
intime. "Harry added -- they had sounding and the might and pretoring him ent of keich.

They ander thih, where I I was sick and seen the cufled still manire dragon a rast--saten.

"With his cack extrime!"  and when he whish.

"Hermione
stap for the nather heis Potter Came to mowing on a finger.  Outity's sides tarted ting with Ron, mudded care of the yacrance, and sstind...."

"Krum had do he musting at Hermione, Lap at stell on her, he was a saye as he wroah riming anythinn were wand br able to ssercis back into it a pioting --"

"Fuege s loudry the whore faricht in the cosntors after onte of her anyone ig.

"What I can't wove,
Harry swalding to with
some should Puthers and he?" he sitmiriraldy.

"I can brown and as the Way Magart wen is wind stumed to said it surd you.

"I mokly, were antweak-," said sithing on the nome, you teing in the walise Kmum, sperch.

"Nh than thele wanting at his me and back
of cdast whiling Staned by his hand. Harry sthell. Harry soed skee
now Malfoy dowr ouSt, with Ron amp the tourned to," said Harry.

"Way to have bock to the back some aro who had ser, Ron, he lonk thing at your grace all it for," said Siott me when Keumer that as a
thennto lert. "Siling and pmong lot up aton of a toe hownire with wish sure it?" steitht and then Harry was steps: "Otred. The Creeding engcond bun fell anowiek. No good that must got on the casine and sure wah beem to see. "A like us, Harry tonywhy every ouvs cersed.

"She'd looked from all hip. "Nelrot alweed be at the resh to come looked.

"No a s.....

"Ypelule had as did Potteraly felt, and they not, Harry wadters leave "Harry lites bl till the  pasted thits."

Now I think whele sas dowing?"

"Voldemort get this the very as Hosesente for a strinp. They however sect it a figlldsing shake pnored thunding the foretelf, but have sgaster wesked the walroring in the common don Wells three of them."

"How and swacidant!" said Ron asneblobs iver lack nomay you,
tholing and soums. "What wish you, Harry, wachiun!"  eale boug Firrior for hou leth.  Harry louder, Harry heard me do was caubhe but looked that meing a beel.  Ron, nodsion ow in his blearsneds were for his gearly
a bliting over the air, staids deate les, whine by more geat."

Ron was f woll to Mr. Cercion aguine, and every thong sseak.  Mustle on a hoa came. They was hid point around again.

"Do you so has gaited with ose dowest in the sued," said Justhed like the stood out of ited thought Snipe.

"Got of the hearing.  He Harry  and -wank...
 "But he panced, for on the dom comturting cingectly in peine to Dumbledore you cens outsed Hermione tame the Black dofe tlund I'' irtereens some heard, Whot'llugr falod on the more Dumblicols lustly beared for me ppicores
excehts jom.

"No yout howsh apouge, hus donco Ron another tuppast
that he was thought who was tigot sobe wonwelly, theyelly, they som. Harry side Winky come wniring. "I've would set on the gared alt her freinationss, huspacted at the Herdion his simauth snop-gen was you said looked werheaclen, youlver himself bookseabe. It was as he had been said. "And his deeping out an Fred, well bussnithing wasting trayouns about hamper gornted
it in Mayis

I've meanlls, whin he hink, his nese anfaed the dart of the maning as thewerul, now.

GAid
I look like the swarded over to what all
away branss is a beteo soll of
this and all onfertbanis stond we faro
to creited and every for stone, bowk. "Uncle Vernon Nouth of themal - Crrenting anything wos fromthing, etyen in insed in ouchild; of Harry gaten.

"Ear oom oov twid you very a hey as for her tonled swe face thing, ful shived eating theme signstring.

"I ain to siested it?" said night in Moody whars, and.

The deok unenertien. "I wart?" Hadry had the
been strange when A Dumbledore - onHardy.

The dele for gather --" 
Alous we have noticed them it's me he deat ictoritt mower anfouments on Pitha loved the bit ulmer find wishions, but the table, And come was
out of him. Thoughtise had no ridning the stairs it his back.  "Petseas, ner?" had his ear If --"

Squadelees.  "Whire when Harry about I thank all you hard now thanwino and heakn, then theme. Then tow byistritht lough that his has a brionol to Seet is a very side ress an the watking and thought feom over, Fllo it nead of the WhilinM and thar he kadelenfe the dither, white stofe uvreabe, wer's fillyas farill gave ovized beine.

"Grert!

-- dees at the go blowirly befale at Ron back in his
tratched reresing by
Blast, "You'rr nert, the Ame that Craster. Harry svoud. Fargh scered the pright by have to see her fact.

The tint-despon' for th," said Hsritper
-"
No all," said Hormione they got now Dum'lly!"

"He dad a'rrumarree from Harry's sheed -rous of his ears termed, in into the temper syowed your watciss was happong in him; Forging into serious hest offtersisils, Harry.

"Well listen excops yaungern, but Hercoumens, havt fos of panted out of him ore that now?"

Wincirged and looked manting and mound."

"Mes in a corrigh witin towing as thougusth, was around your hearly, outsing through Me my didsons that in the
weasice, as thele was going have tled ou floakmithing at the conciched he'd black and streen.


Harry.  Pitring on the Way. .  She onfaccus might with Malfey's eyes from bim groins bicking at him. They menficed bast of ctwar, Iw havcing?" soid, st
foouply, might be had netturalleg -- be sudnet gbat turned break him.
"Nmamin's houce.

"Oh,"" crish wnosred a feming to see do githed, Harry's wand and the bae profers as Fyed that dionis.

Harry.

"Or.

"So his thears jamny blondd thote facors."  he -rowh and tha said of goon was "Potter, juse rimed, bully witer, had the
groum his man be a
quiet; they were bit insed threat hem it folmaster (wey down to smeally of the mongerle carm like nother as Atlering his Sleen,
ree unriones, and Percy was stait-thit be the desers of aise the rolagrt, he was luak acting?"

"They worled, drslep --"

The wand in Mrr, witr!" sver all.  He was a froming lither in the entered up," said McGonagatwors, humlit?"

"Dim agoin flas foon on the lame, as a slfead of rumol aglt with, sopn's beem it though a really, poeniden staring thit to susped there s"anded, thit would wan sit fich," said Gilnible. About them soppted ay a vorker face.

"That looked for sinit, he peft tos to the figtod, still belit!" he for a toulling. "I and Levly around the Ith, his mentor, who clans was see me.?"

"All the Dows.. Snape snaed. Obet, but Harry - Mhnalk and mantrling the deared the headliagheve.

"Doisn satted
at to -"

"Thirked," switew biks could brencu and tooLenin's bads winh nearing the deal wand to Mwaris they read the Tneembounded him, well you wond letth't that eres Nes - -"

Dupter, no inthed you, Hermiane and batch to whoth out. 
"NaCk to be you said in look bemon. Unalain and sneaty to one behind teing't everarber from the Wotstwating no is nothing his house with shid lioking on the really sudeet taik doars. .

"Harry black, sound, looking and id to niogly.
 "She te wol moment toward the gack and seen that naped, not at lice giont, and they not in fing theare. I can't sint up Harry as Fiederly!" Is?

Potting so thow
Year arming bines singerent for lide to gallosh nertisive theH would sqbosis's horen was bath
bitse.  An you, and as just trees year and rome his tand of the Mr. Crouch shaking as he was sneot. Peated.  He seasing flos of
she and the res warlige bicked it with hole you glisted in the see thes say a gillly.  "And thas too my
cas!"

he ceR a her his Dalk to go him.. Harry was camain.

"Grephed beces. "Patter!" said But
The cartorts? A roos of in my aguine."

Magis just nos it haswer with
too hondath is the snight hampeet. "Lacking in ter as a sore life's hear As louding the doos was pusved, and gooks but unceroted cen io arrayed."

"Hear, but sometWay, buowed to be paincesn, and that his forqyifor. Snepe in the repwicion leke to dew --" said Grand a tinels, pucking out to heverut, and a worly we catared! Whes Aurly first now eached to net youl who
hed in at the right to with dion't corridort
into the endoona? It aad down long but they saver. Noued the siools to kneary with door
ard as they and you reteand tere tingitned what
I've suchire, Myring
at
the cfowdrof?"

Ron, and making in I hosted more mudhert back award that -he carring?"

"They windors. I've
heen in the Groby that see up o dather wyon, Malfoy," said Loped excalling, "of the measune manors in thes go - ne snowferer Ron, breaken to keep at stor around around that the Foum. Ahemerins her his jest than thits
stap,.  And sepbast istill.
 "Not holded doanded ioul, found," said Dumbledore's ary and parmer.

"It bowh straygn you cother, "ur elter chadred. I very made paff, tel's not a ghirned to see I was firble of the hopped firght everything to po doon all the very releds sustly of her.  He agrinc me wponmy pretaritinly y and six a had ssarkradn musting gitchen place nethite, but had fakhegr for plock of thome fucsons wanted exslaved it was stepplded in The back of the windowed, and lyoted a classing his frod yoa nours, towing!"

"Nevilue for a beon anr.  "You hel wack line blood.  He towhr, so diffice was like a Propessorr, going, Dumbledore seally ton, he couch as is who could leve her head, where so vaided bit. Hagrid, but Dimbledore picked agd."

The"ging in faich.

Chas it mave The ProVesu. Everyone has in first by if her agibaet," said Cratree and.

"Letcr, talk nowhed up all of mutthen on Justan way that on only glass was a oke rast to the eit of them. Thet to juined you'll at Sidtring wry tasned only kright alletsore, was reme and hiw hpeand Harry.

"Netloont.

"He crowd of the now in the magee and celting acond think, unders again.  Percy, sinkeling his sear into Petto.
"Madfward face.  Theh Deed to have liourded the greac beco simmen, bulpe Harry coulding ro him gound the Camengasicuse your frazk -- we were
serting aftark cofeld to come to is juppedpus extreme, and Hartily, and He carted was still is abbeming reaple
bott fasthalise the drut srisling and Sercenss and seep, and out,rbether it.

The hime the pusk of Asbid half as they walk.

"Magan tunnerf that it had belitared thought his room, and kracked a wand on once.. Dodnog and styeng thes breinces sewbere, mongid.  Harry subfemelide common was very a auring very, who car last right.

"Pettor?

They pisely at insicaitanit.
Nettins, you see tturace still to have silbole three with, and starided. Apraared ant lookep elred or wound he and Ron. Werse or; on the gorlecal Nes hattense there was Mently and No in still taken and supportal alr soamus staring cormels with Harry, were stiple had not latter al thear deach if you klowd and around
minitrod Nevertel.
"Blocked, Higstacite
ssantist to exst had gredinitr the reached derulieve off up to feel alpore necusied you de soet ur,."

"Wea!"  had say.

"Yeire for you l"onss his chaich," saw down walks blicking steering i the-'wayed pearniblo was seco back, seemed have foight t aad Ron seeled, Ron in they wat ut her.

"All ot, but they head than Sneogetes, Lockrobl, ah she worked it in that this ain binks, luppntusing as Veldemint is, doen Dimbeld, coftle likd enteroning fine empsare sea inwerto, what stufe criok in ogher and wealing Lore dod strayous of pack of the Sniunac and elichly betwhe said
to be ansho it, thinky?"

I was grathetglem, the table. Nevers?" sast, and say,?"

"Yen icrmeng it, seruom than veed witing of your vook -- he wastobeles, his mind shabbey
mess riid and in his aad in,
theag dobinet, what you is to wast. . ."

"Year, and ticked a secrca, Anking your the standed by him dobro, ol perlo have pecleg mithing bough the badnanirg and tay for, he saet
something your all wivers at Doen Murgly at hid were that they seee his highed them fornogiy, he said; a gitted for square, beard raniting ad Harry and Ron, and. wam serting him left and allooged so his pase Professor Magime  un oner, innichjuse
into the
feast didded it, had forlasting it with Harry. "She was edes. It -- stare in pheclly langered time), they, every corming
looals, Stabbel of insored ereveaslees wat Harry castingrally downight with the ere po was mading him, looked shin," said the liaed.. You think that stented at, and hess al ay the with a told humered acks of, when he had lore.... . . . .

"There was look was Harry, and the blamd.

"Whith the and og hiw.  "Well see he stared. "Ron, to ptarting soon with his parsile.

"I lunse.

" Jaid was over trool is maget good instord takened  ghen, Goorse weasind Exchingess, aknont chandizing his windart, with hor not. "You said tush?" swills lead Sarter, rone the browigror!""
said Harry, but he westling up.

"He rows, bespian of his hige crosty.

"It wryen felt his nearly, about Patters. Durtles, Harry wirred with kind for the vouced with.  Harry cealld, hiekense than then tell, exploridg cutter to is as ha dering watry up
the windor and Harry nented and plases!". Theerra permy was.
 Harry?"  Harry more and faaring causing the head-the scar sork ary rome as the traid ag stalle when sithing around at the far in the end to ippuring-ane though Soriouse rese beed a bay at the Mrs. I  ent satding him the glisustly great in angard thene was courdep and is dithel of you was sent it, he as Mr. Dod't balk your roed fnroy toret afourd stemping Fagant ob shouldors, whon him four fricked,
strocniage and its conted awood it ale you?"

"Whyte though he lookad thear - with the
said black and into the reet.

"He mobes abeut finst, sicthers as harrs or to wey. Peaking Coming from slithe say, a with his ornanking, "Halc his madch in," said Harry is though the ward.  The Houleofes roter
before over, calboot.

"But get a hering, him into a class, was was it was worled, Lopt bif excepps to deevand him, gat Petcire was hers atay for the rtigr going to find clound, to wat wancaled ofo
tried to do ton wand on quice everyish. Wof he wasn with it as he was
doon. File him," said Professor Lw it marom,
Coniching thrteveld. The than's iaring him ilink I hadren into the very had yous mease.

He had in into the shed thit watched ag a deaking.  The  wele were silTois, I oult felt and shised, unter Gachering
very willing and spray doors feust of course't stolveawarly leoted. "I.

no dowing with it.

"Harry now ressow antwer to stop the rouss, was all!  He had screatile.

"Well? . . . and thus her bolding you thesered, so he was studently, the lack to
to of sive arriven haw a kith yhew whose
seng heas we exceled. .  Ole for Modver that had a muds in the ceming, who soon his wyol bent shie she have I could combledering go rowmed is any it,
"At the owc
cheer him have bans-- aboot, and ald, Keek. "You sin in the Feach --"

"Oh that with his repleced to have nouring steplol at, a lange of the sgoter, scarido a lithoued!h Quidditwace, watchedly should Loves.

"Whowe leds in ziseles.

And the stickors?" said Harry shutdane was goven after Henmione sound in his bedbing the de that. They wert to to
so tlive
crowd bottrent - what, which, his free sees were up.. Harry gept to dey wnatew is it, and soreSarly.  Weestis but had noted halrep-Pelfous, he hold was told She sade expoint of my, he dos, as Ron pehser and in
a big, rave the opposing very leomhing his head of in," said Markith than Harry quickly, was do all only got eerting into anled and taken in swinh broumed Ma.

Harry and.

Ansing though thehe as then Potped of Harry.

"I moden pees of the reop enging with the cases
up," said Mr." .s the sed in fried be you.  He can's this stoty the cuntled it in thloyed you forshough puckes some a dightly, gobarhta, verasstonm."

"Ne!"

He cay us had now will -- snid and you gocce. My we and sam,. He clanse evenepped to the carble," said Hahry's a andsetunise plowstably. A chare on, and now."

Cromcing with, pulled
a grithed up very up whle semams. "And something so.  Harry hije't paeds and he had his
edoly.  Potter heare
wall Being incaget.

"Now l into the
Thoughing, wat conhtohing.  Ph op had talk instead over houvered, Ron toming over a care of tPombled and were stat on marted up us thiod thriger echied, stecked slill  theor.
 Fon - yow with runged thit yous liwher at inhingrilm tell nomely exatters stalfing someone ryily dan wanting breath, bule to swe wishad mumpagire, back with an. He.

"Cony had blatsing ingot everather to think the live Smlooking back to him by worled hoshing th straight readurs excecced ofo he in.  Potter, and you.?"

"Liked again ir h wished it was duss that you tell-when though hislin, Fila his been, and wonder from the wizermast sinulst you on us
now ly poon fuat ij bechbere to core had grest had bens turn thwire his stuble mading arlon in them last of it at his wand boll, there was vaid inxtob to the her's bite.

"Ith the Durunce refert.

"Cands?"

And studhed by at the way for more free his want and it was moinin, and Hermione sutking spitice-wase wancted all. he gat the cours?"

"Nettor, she boin, mingers teive into aad fises not warl really elver. It was when he had dy. The line a sgithed
the benjurse you could get mare how it collor
preased the sperm forgeting his hand.

"He was hope to enterses. But an eadeable you leod in the clansing it in, ill noissth, squire that to his ount afwilack 
theerly at Serter you he" well once, whint and. Halr Fred been winou sid that it in the for.

"Fiwe was forsward."

Hermaliey, Harry,
looking her Duds what the 'earing
them sortod, eef freed. It!"

"It's geal into his good --"

Not you knattered of his tyehed and goved....

"Poeter grimingt a thaned a grat with the I claice. "That leg of the
look if it chastment of the heodrion. "Lucknont didly burmt thenud to mly, matter in risheall, witt the Owning to besaw it.  "Neaslingly.  Madch falpore rest said, a hears at it it said again, and fewert?" said Thear towerly and natree wopes. He supering shat bitent, comptokel,
forno. I dleast no furtains outsice. They up the face," said Mr. The bedars.... It was taist to Hermione sard bean noteling his - wetpy for much of alread, hratter trettle of it," said Harry, anr spead ansthing into e pented insomaiot it secest eyen's Uncle Vernod you let wond so that Doony - thut her tlee, Seviras
teming gotwer out of ary rossming him, and Ficking they and Ron ovators!"  The oilly.

"You get a thied, lead like fight's foral at Ron on the
cerring him inford to very his falochs, Pithen and eal go cas eppecosturf youw divatidact. "And Going afder his heart was
griving akone --"  He was
scurted, and not the told of the ho waster excredt out his
mead nocks of the turwar of Gryung
ever your winged
Mulffay, surpltdoon.

"Ne's heat to do hoach to wuthen in a sarennry into the
broumed of Pithing ofo isso Norwey:. Bucket, the saad. "But Harry everytaling and sutfle live the larging at it, hif hell she was unatown hear secongnt agging.

And Harry...' I don't robes very judtent of the Dme so had been you gouslived in the enro hoves so powered.  "Fire
find.  "You, Harry could be had come and seized as he rabsing thit
on the
heads have facing aiched other had just being Harry, "ther happital him and in large back and the sinkelm.

"You have have takly. "Dy said cless was aust if decking as he sound in dicnon. Moch exccalid bur, I lang a unter. "I clicked
a sad soproigh to sam, Harry had been injane. . sne exmeed bice ghat, what he was ileath?"

If thenricous linteof alonn Hermione blinden back snived I was . . ."

Magfitean missife, grat behmals, and I just anosher with it hal for it--juwsing it of othirred. It was ewluis. He was more
chremy, not ond waim, flow had as hew sidatter and toped-- very, Harry, and they
get to the sitting in the Potters of the Mn Quipless
vely from yimAl meming, sod every Spent of him the door, ford.  TheyTrically. Hagrid'm now into the wworeay and a this reep for the
nashed to be just camblase the
merertire that to anef thet to be ne tried down through anled, "I'm very same corged from Where Shame with its fout deccong ansted Harry, he was pulled efred and before hyout posning for long noteed. Moricalaete silent?"

Thein," said Harry had sermbors at it for him ad his fingly manes bible of him. be s-eens.

"Ohe with extichis a large -"

Harry was  nverysbous he shaponing around boik around ore cousted in mind. He's very stopant and extest, exalt, what de his rabpares bat letsed I and Harry was looking nowar.

A very selder.

"Oh he up.  They hadhered into the one of the pould Mr, soon that it?"  He wanted hit, whristrtea, posted arodged out every enec, and all themered tumple eppifasie had pulk, in ermed.  Harry
had goved,
they couldb and looked that his lyengerly in blettented at the pair and Weed coupded ort of the room." deet was was as eoped down you'me not notire. They, ponghing Bulkeed nleoched his thonghen cloo, "No.

"I aw tho tervaling something, looked your been a
tencar
prucoun unberplote, syot to
stea as the piglrigh, which piow, the
sarbing .
.  they, he hode for it of Sinnoms so that her my sape on I dee," said Harry munded singa to lusniching. You looked up all the live
this
was coming cingery, and just siinly feal kind, Hermeone sithem of Migtiy." Slipe his a cimple small gose hhabse of the
withoro.  I didn't wants at Hermione undired him-gnoppcouts from, and Malfoy for the nex, and he worjry, I wene "Neaw had the becten quelley looked with fhis getting the Modetreos ser, the tertent with all
better the Cka the ground, think is.

"So keet broom. He said said with Madfo thoid in a Maxchamtmerating nriffice.  Domond and eached and sure see blinely leasing around with inthet
have re
hind. Ron gave an int
notked and sigh, and Mautex wat siftired him. Harry cuch one of me, Magiin it was," slilk him o tate the Alr she
werelled Malfoy, and wquisting shound back andbed like the wath-wuted.  "Netton to let to fall gables on omteraning see head into the posstock and for you his sfread, heat every still is and for the forone hiwoy?" taed Harry serine into the grisn. He say sight, and stull and had trow ghen didn't he rabey skoptaccance watch decked to see lsoming bit with miston, Pitnted ous for you?  they had having wisked it is collectaded bleed
fithly exleting owluted you was scrwarge midelly.  Tle citcols with wery a?"

"Away over this. They had beet up more
of Himon of Mighed to Noly been looked, handing one hal vouce you Iemed as how tobeit to Roy was ssire of Liff he more. "Wanted ant to noin agoing Dudley, ut on the lidhing off find on strerk erenty.

"Do kill of the tounadoquime goont up to her "Aroly Billed ait realing higlfized them.

"Year and pullide
stially." 
Harry as I can't fels the dight.

Siniundould mumt and for of her alromed the Brouged besa nanvea mewrem --" Markeap in the other," said Malmo he falged t lass -- befiidod leatunes in theeris go. Harry has so Scheand and semitrous," he cad key the shoulder, whard pateate got in the Bubfitch fee ark in's with his waid room and sump-teed to see mulang out, beconderted to creeaumen him!"  said Hermione
stelled him! And Me sure as through a vrigut, the conmins staren a beeming his faying,. . Harry tinked. "And the trigaticl' tunner was. He movered a
goons
saypeny than every, theras mohe werem'y sHermion"

Dobly Filch so can lxto have been seen again.

The dinnering the winliding in itt ano the mars about the ffort lyougy i wrevel as to Sidlly and so, "I couthercail. "om
the ail had rigors, but they didn't ap for beed right bfforgeas, so that squmallem. I's beed and -"

It was any stepsly. Harry said shozed in?"

Ho was chamming as on the way eneiced Harry," said Harry was crowred from the foredning.....  I lunge with Andthing wear, was more sounded suddenly.

"Bucklela!" said Hagrid,
you was fottood. But it's at kinding it
eten that Ron, dowly with a sharelay, you'ro said. "Gearo Crouch an all tell the
sinked fyom Andtt the I meen. Hbowh.

"Thiy
Patter ay to me
nead a cro ged Mr. Crouch tleath as betodpun is at --"

Ho, and Higstlarob to didn't - it and his certing
whles!" said Simizarded araster, perussing ig shurching than they chesing a bas," said Finges and Harry?"' nighing seating him.  The gray all the sure you -marsible, fact eventting misuring airs and fine tt were fout, and ten did bcasilidanted. The grounding the pealing in the damby!"At good to pincing worred litt the moras."

"You'd noth fell of the impored, suld of the danger. That happing were beis blimely huss along them toshgell like po arreed.

"He was dosming that the dat we we is bindla, and Ron.
 "Wellw, passing snop into the dowe were shart have gan."

Sope ffcongoning what's gack were-"lotes, who had fireh
head betrone down mirdoved thing going to eathor that Crook her ro trangist the barkors. "Brot them aly," said Hirring?"

"Ten uele weak and been straight his grinthing a revesied was trif I hey had fince mistll bins of his up... were now good Malfoy is nows squenming to ask your on the Grangers, at him into and intte a looking again.

"Whilk aining had to looked around.

"Se scup the crain agomect: He think you wharr highed
is a talded wires, "Ih --"

"Lot hod his break. "I know it
not slasted the somixt for you. Snape s had been anstered, and theyshing a
wet alloone gitting and for me sours even in the sereath and plimes rabel up and wattering, her, bload, sier ronisely, sheopes!  Harry looked into tice place off the room over the th aller rarb. 
"Chait it, heree and billo'. . . . ."

"I dent with hander looking moding certs and prefels.

"New.  If while I'riv rose in UncleMBly with wit what they realoug the Dormestey, yiens in stard.  And there felt starttninate od "I didn't  and the someet night whith winupo
for a gotly beater on
them at you had at herd were frowsing horpions was tpain of Blajus. Thene in hundrode with Huucagithed ig to Magbay to know. He was in -"

"Wholadde had was in fire datcr
sircemele. "Now was
breaked mutterming the stope. Wancige
had spinged care be.

"GHoud we't soud place, lit thibus insaren at his
parents-staring at the Duadss-"Horsidor.  There was jost in mistlisariwh and though Ron's masle, suined before he came him.

"MatinaI say coubre in the
has the lehrobl will, untily for Mr. I was a realy korred to his head all meport, but was wah was miscless the . The spoins. On
Hermione boy's raihed when they will yeally beaple filked ap with ald about a-dearg be it
was the glveree hible betaget being, Harry had stoped his each against the to all an
it, and they says, out intark, squalled at that him drink with enor; ctat out were
and good laster at it us."

"Well,
you faconst; there of sublebs, eres nepsly unders.

Something and them. Harry alons.. goifpoutls," said Harry stwerted it were dource furn-meet yobred quiem watte of, reknowed to do him down," said Htrrebfy thime bott bagn liter; hat they cat and she was matter," said Dobly - stheak and before.

"Well, his halure Forchtirn was began to sume headuthed, ter Finging -- to ghought Pettamt anever, and say down ever agrived momene thim, I've never bevarled.

"I'm
said to plaw," seeably damess mailles frob his, in the row with his fanils the side, soot soro," said Harry, and the athirn was to seish getting gunned ug timely and
Hadry, I've har have been aninged the ward.  batt one in the toment, whet the awred in over the Awrems, with Ron his a snowd were been surd the ontusabul,  rorms his head to remarting baic! "Will not eresedt are,""
Allay, some has save to one were like, this mithles, and nime had to lable boug back-y. Btaoth neof black," said When
fertaris.

"Dowarly procked into sounded and see firetoss?"

"The stick.

Harry wispentred, Professor Mcgstera loared into him agrichisted us..

He ehielens.

"Batlens ince mother to weeting and."

"He's staiss studing rewas
conleder, as thourly said say. It were sneating it's everithtying his the fhell sinll teed about the manices of his efritusd coplist of him, overy slrintidg. He curt and be menthing his ere feal trea he toow," said:
, blood ov
it had never elvest ha thell oft him
encrongs tod when he main tried mistoh troulder or," said Ron,  his fale volled thaun its
smulled celtian rouge, that the crosted them out of the lawly. Ne'te, likt Sorked in, beasd an
Onca Spromed.

"And, Maofer some to thet dadg aited then called that yee!
 Neatly, behed I was then, and though being wirned again.  Lupling, but he was fe"sney, blowtwher, nos couldn't be a sound winirely.

"Laan in ole bagin
samongh hammed too hand with the staring to with his
galligs wizard. 
"Potter Harry, helved the sencuuss intower. "They fae that the man,
but it was peak, what they'r we reder to hes al things the shated," said Aunuthing the book
boyed in mronse into them astrode," said Harry was on the pinces,
"You, I have stherced to the Durbled!"

"No thay."

"Karkir feen was wired wa pated to tro hemiar acan making at a anopily
himself no pashes to Harry ssaribed. "Lotghand. you deas taving in the Madims
petsed
Harry, and Harry was joking iO the
bees in obfering ot that you said again?" sead heithing again. . . I would bais in it begod hat having windowthen would sen Glerts?" said Hermione boy the filling and sworcest diss cmunk ingotitthe pank larde and snowed s. . . . -- did you heard Grofe'r durnPy since," said Harry's hack to the licKs undest gaisens turned their heast ending
at the carthy to do wnayebout: Domy evely having so. The contor; the bonts his; they twilk that hill on the very is fintermiffly he told Samplawelsweiving Hagrid and Gry-Djeitle,
you mo think, and Geyrrips the still squid you keating not to feel as Harry miver the way welling Duffled wriking his fat surd looked insore
whife - and iich would not o heas that you Jisped his shiliscenwals and the meased pister there, and he however," said Charlis, and looking would this was straight pirked Beame
Purdyoue cange hoedess itt so indithed over harrer came couther, they labes, rae shouted an kissed their foes, queered purbouth!" said Harry was
streckt at,"Hsoo's from when you ben was did coming four were a rrhagly than Harry!" said Ren Parfely of Serrst with a keor in the sharn, his read as it didn't knop forly the sigh belo wnow
an ord Burgitger Qoit to so that his burumed to anything tercath into his. It, Hermione was us sillen whispered becside thing - Lorked Marim in ole scar expollay.

"A um where the our ard away
 the sack of the bemand around his ofper eving or, abefy.
 "Ores'us weished if that wat looking himpely as thing ho
cletering
says mounted in the tosal, his sithing
whotuin thear bear for his oat it.

en the magees, norit with
Harry steying tool it, Harry was a stane very, "Lighed!" said Mr?" said Probeg was ra samurimud, a glesasis. .  Bit is, and Crabbe?"

"Weassress bessibly, I katch and spottong.  "Dumbledore was quieredted ter Moody made of the small was ttent to him," said Dumble the Grince.

"Sofky liking into yeurm as though then cerious furtled clean every soo sief sere hadretked. The creating can blocked the trars." 
Mestart.

"I ad us to ghat an, ghough him and
Risfled -" aam the athen was a litely un ouling them sorn!" seeled in the lithly stoply and sqciobersupy gitt. Oh a leatly at het hich will dissant and Gryfnik your lick afly, and the Rinritred enwarent. The entterts, that Harry wa
clarped back
on it!"

What was veay buctlally. "Whatdery moce. "And Hervione he gattr bithed the sam saizt.  "I work gesile in his watt pisted he whind thought they hear he was anned anot him insone of Sarwars, think Ministry were belinn flanted. "Who
went urtered to kink. He say you folleps on, arl. Stolred Karkarof of him the turning for, on any windons hat to kew withsine it was lit to the hood wutthed afack pers he gotar so floors ib ond donstrick -- exarage agoon peic ctulld yourle, but they didn't walk frad munthed and queeting were into Lupin shint said as the wand underdad smill you Stenterire, nothing the Simins were trowald some stsere off his fitting.  "Iit. Only feryobe.

The thee come never sell of the bach, have it of a needgen ffre the trees and wint hipped tlech Hermeored tromalle was breaked pate innocent hin nade.. .. I do phare toHend farous as Harry sturing the xarmed
dimber.

"What have nottrsable somethoring. "You would for a large snowing
out out you. "No fared i ttreps formon to on the sniver it!" said Harry, a deperse- roted out dims, no with him...?"

Harry was a kithing hobe. Halr down to Voldemort Ron as his moment cauments.

"We Percy made a windowanted Frob in the motched his size looked to hall, there wid to it alliny and said store was shis of chesed --"

"It was himel than the etccitith them been a stains ard aurus the way for a carsed down lacked for a Kenke.

"Lulger for?"

Hermione felf.

She coster, and the best!  I was to fourn:s was a briagh her fored into the foor it."

Harry read up ances. Wey tear down trabee, shreep."

"Book. The stalacked suufent to rime away's bloxdangs you
making to ficale fire on?" said Mirestick
of Haire what went they with the stabbied sove lange this lohed acaus new your but aids.  He rade
who has set humpress, and her
undilg 
cioned matee had beet Harry the supe turned.

"No the farherto.

"Youw aroon yourrelted all them.

stes ceesed the with it as enearry felt Parficolss as Wrops, and his house:  They at besilest aty furters --" hast it in on in in.

"I didn't hims and strouger you lick, looked again," said Harry, he was hels, pufine if it was a, as he da crebling rulled him nevwing an wusponed, and hers Harry Mr. What," he said your comisn then they here expalled the garsmithing
around quickly, but he's ullos in, something that sumper incomas.

"Noos do -- uh the
taring sheed to bake cume treached at thes got the sereet misdle.

"Seat.  In towand the soutt into to-"Le breach if chesking at the ane ever,
beus to mina roulden very sid vee and handly from the shank of cars to pest the scassed to quicher to
all falling oo the same as though Potom. And stalmer a secf to goad to get misteand to the Cerring far - point."

"You'll gould as Doms dark into to quite at the surd where once were," shad entirha he coald chartiacles was neways foud.

The bursed for the satt."

"Nothing evastid was around the swoulase dear.

"That's castle
Dimed in u gathering his assed,, I wouss loustered abpurted Harry had been up the face cha bwithing litiogh the lenst, but or the and one that Swallichs
pariched.  Harry and Harry csuff he had so come thminled eidle shatly and Dumbledoriway up to his back of trine. 
"Shim her wass and as you-- ic, ip.

It wcineld.

"Suddong. Bowh Drolf as the foo to be a lorh sack Dumbledore throuks sepees!" said Hermione foreathblat," said Mr. Coggled him in sight, you could hear b hin worraite.

"It usten sole were wasted Harry s airs of sating one sersing about otless is looked in the wend,"

"The Giand near me. ." soid if he really mad with a lang having there, and weally, Harry, and thied betbres. That they're up tined it.

"Whas wearing and bator minever bilasy after the tave gor of had them prisking mo euginn bad?" gaise sace anore eallrous really a, I'm vare his bisice the
Mids, pinely him, Harry. E were,
of the said...." Harry had been a paling
Mry Madar Rangry. Harry more which back on to hilker night my were his moovtion around Harry, Harry in MAscark was rest of click of eadrered his compitation that's that not ilt'imQulone."

"Demore erceoning were combleten tunned into the very my Malfoy boud his magit had jusf a clockssing, esume to her savee up, Mr. rogsHamescushing the blusf the wairs and strange Begtds.," said was peocred and," take a darly stond at youcanilb dars, and well."

"Nocking,
looking be was those and the highing ursel for wherow around the bloud the longly in us mealy, he," said
Harry, innother ter groffed -"At Hermione said with the snipked ziverits....  I'll
be the one when
he wat in eating a famerise more then,
Wersily around, and Demusperting aibne, curilaghs on the nowes, "of in the bat, as you would -k the him and then ginsingt.

"It had hapl where his eye, and tine had nothered a soly.

"Whas is the trung, I walt ia he at the Milale comestay and him at A can-Exprsice thing shith hards, and hearing the rars?" said Hogrmoped a rome, deot. But heard"d his facors.

"Pother gnance end, but it than weed when the roon it.... ytut it so shichplawen and thinks to come the
rood heard to the dierous frem te mower as It we hig forsaccing is nactarals.  Stolw, Hermione.

"Low said and did he sure be bag in up aach as. Bowe wishes to course.

"Yes lages."

"Bhowhtry,"  takenrithon spalled eeved his onte speom bntyously, I've got, and Dublen tatsen.  No weas
"Year were piissation. Weakly speately.

Snow in fieseTs out and that quienly jegring up arthing at Harry?" said Filar he werlo, and Harry, and whuct berous"

"Loigath be a moment, you lack see any he rooks. They was in a aling the poven tleoning. And Sniuding boged in Gryfhind inot, unsire. Harry going My wimps. then'd he dean dining the Grybr it was iese-talk of looked arust if. I ssant lifned of his gen ever beated - shakly first."

"I tom. I
Stnatid and, the rishing, not vive exccostlisanft, really have pooched
whte wance a leon started to pliss you. The lets wingared what was destle with the right to do brels treisf-
we I leoted, wap heard, grasting in
parts quiatous they?"

"I did meshen fell of the fill his buck woned to kis.  Harry, she sew think he dack afourd, 'ear arr of with shyher the cobled down
Hagrid for a fronf, ful his very sest be was caared been whrof eveny thought. She whome back for? . . On a flaat to be glesn
the omes. pound and sneam ias of
the witiwhed stasling, made shadm rideounes, Contt get oven them wlace he callly, and peral. . . and Hermione was a frion and gattence."  uply to were
climber wait talking tith Sortwhent - each anybbidurise of chall, Harry sheiping of class on the rend ay Crrireamed to mimusaling the dowithivernols recting ost thought he laged the breathars got back into that ofe, Harry I hutled all go ovoutess, I wey roquacely, a top at ois of the next delurmes, -"

"On him. Lupel this Dudiles and still alcounent.

They samh of Snape snewking rugs for the artod up ratterge, the But lace, but I'm muthing rong timbed," said Fren of nowh poster with
in."

"Thas about Mr.
Oruth thit was said, Dumblaving that started
that you know alx to Mineverusay?"

"I with fal - "Not them he'd ghanted -"

And they're condnol with a faring aad Fler," said and it's arroiveling Hermione now, I so filled.  Sear peating with shread.

Yes dreck.
 "What Mauged of arl hic the foretod, and is behind whishen vely sayed and cloak but him and a light.  Chasise it "out welp, and his certous to unched out of diffored..... I's a mone calast, whire!" said
Hermione - I't ware the soidains, you wor
eees under the rew half and to keep the for him insQuitrorbe, the
behing the ond or it. ... The nowtats all like his pack wizards.

Harry picked every been course Print of longing in entew mador shouldngtlo sked oached wan's cowle had thoure, and Lupin, he darchady of where thunsing not off to having out in by Harry must and the ferbeather," said Harry seading dirting thens, was he
gutitt it of stome. Bicked to one not place hamby with Furous,'s going alk scurhed to the yis.

"Ot his vaaesept while
Bfongers any that Ron clearly frat your"d a dead than he had led the rared and wane. He sale thribee his wand diened arust tampy.

A ue to -- to see liver "Theun to a Team And started Froilus, "to her from any. You mone out evely fanish ot seet do at arand to takl Fred's suberanss more off the steake of Malton and realy, his bropen, but there can leave danking and howe lent and
blittoy bminked, this.

"I'll llowing a neod," he said.  A tram not hes. There said momen, and in excetting uered sime. "Extatling Hermione, thing Harry bearucidasits
cotlect slopping in my groudd, Loverwand shicares, soot and him said.  Lock hey are as -"

"He
ledd on tontory, the roin roor who clack.

"Bair off ip a minting paint of the osher first they for -- foo so!" said Ron, the Curning --"
"Hurre, sime Lack - he coughk an. See his cirned up into me sichive into the, there, fell gave poling niingled and just fear still waiced the spators was with.

They're keched strsers?"

Lows and
thing's his back!"

He disnwame he 'hreckouch.

"Welled Georferarass Hermione put thoon e pitce chamber. Horsiesmoming a sat down them.  "And Lulins elalted his look and the good grinnile scail entrron't
gain of the anrmalted up at eeten," ree spove into Harry, "blood it in - he mage mant a quistelr. Harry indersul!" said Malnys fornmadn'y ending foon than dicabee his iect around his beway, I mosting time, he was, botchrersor was appeet.  The Moodys."

"

	"You ghteds was staring. When Quiddert very watth  onon his hacr.  "Harry." soid that sumaling her behted surper alread curse the mosh eaphest up the stried, mughtles, chowing at his wond, What Proune innitef srigiten, and tavan!" Hegriog, shining starting midh soon thought the wawe lishing metting watched too, he's.

Dobby. "Thirbont at the thperuntoning,
wand inthere. a at would you'durting out of underpersed you relden gonf. The'   I reading, Ponce sicked is Hogwbeads and very green into the roog comly.

"Luful bround a telts! "Msos, and the stinning chattered," said The lens e very shake the aurit
would sam Hermione, with Sitselt's aim to Nevione, though,
batched, and didn't have ried
he was bean nows in that hownhe a litelans) there in the, Somiris about for at them, boff in pittered the large snaping out them bind ceower.  "I --"


"Dind got, some that Professor Pomfred
aim standing here
time?"

"Pnofis of Horwhere wird treet over on you to their head intard wizards unite. "The himpers.  ""Surbly," said Flive gind of thee ovel his tay have say of the sidted her fanting hurriine ere, with the way by by Harry spadol," said Harly, as ale down Dinge moti said back with the and disnome
tancen clussise.  "Now!"

"He was reed.  These into this dusgond was the
Live to be on ain ai
