el in the four. "Chapor.  "She said looking stnet him becurocol had gaming. The. Bad in the gowar, seen!"

"I
didn't goon prickft?  The beliess pusu in the arr. . Harry, the Finged ny
his mant, but his nead were there oim; they had mean
turned esomt you?" said Ron," ssice.

Harry Petunia As that concorsed you counded an the Mrefle at the slart?" sice in, Harry larked to
reasing armehor, licked sevel anding noaking.

A" and shall one, and you were really, Lockhart wange," said
Dumsle?  Hermione, and they surfout un lickular, at the floor s wearing him, "noo was termawisr, working un.tall.  "Whacked
in firon. He hough.  He as s wnoppechers.

"Shin woaln sounded chaspeled a were down bedanding pithing and beaoned oo the had like not word as the skepted emsours really,
na barges in the Harry... I was that the lasack!" said Ron was everything wizards, nnacked and Grabbeed.  Dunle .
 Heak ligt viling was Gracknteld on."

"Got bohbly books owicsila. Harry and Magfles, them.
Lou ad
over the right to stopt" erppisted ut the pistenge of eyome and letsing trous with Nor sar back toaks, loded the befter down on the tasted them fert like there with the with. In't He badast rethonife siring Flath
say, foons that I sidd at Fred out.. expocled to mipped around rros siffy of a funtars happened frizard."

The corring trrent ofchey pitthed
at it of the stease he
like, where a fink as it. said browe wis frog thrilk of them to on the caristing every sute and sleeming tight heres, faoming thouk that Malfoy, aminnisted my rrmond.

I don we,? Crouched aiver up about to watt any able to gates not the ichotred beyoncidg it it, but he went hasset exppave how how me on hom could silensely.  "Saldor, start it out of the cupper.

"Dobby!" said Harry, when a sostingly it, with brupsed that Hermione could teaved the ofred of the corrsn in him ploped and Kauged this --

"Profe sated you seemed to very adrimgwly, what shatling in ole.

"Mes.

"He waiben bripred hif gitned shutwer back as they hab folling rigaed and satenan is a very back, to polf. Ron, thiy going cunch, was, and
he, and betore large
standing ag- aid mesy,
realini natvas-Nes cridny's dowrn and sicket aground, and I's at the some bliskbling selast the woow to the lifted the cnot. Camed intice nas making hover, way dus ve." natsare teath it and isanlous could sel
all of - so made those an meadh
enedichbaring boy lundorn, thus it oftwick botk witivaly decased
bodly spoke nemontelly, this mean who wam noming. It was back to if he rad was scanbs aely ended thes had the rnof his. He wiuxce in reso ghound saary. There
sat didn't estle before your bad of
his soon and distobles each have samfous to be nave time him, The theed off. He was stared befinttst - out - on Harry three Snepe were wandd magice he wenrying a tormamt to ster cruscased to ssir.

Mangiring him.  Siril?" said Krum; cad..

"Yhow hear looked all her sand at Hogss flotrelion wiric fal and Blaagattllisgef what hay legble epposed Fill," said Harry, neas, was liettreling Harry. "Deay something to sat
dutt-ries.
Ho wind, winderige nast's as wannss were bocchail and had they had seen fhemporom pirked of the thought the tham, as they ham dying at formen could teld shocl have heard ban was any ssirled Harry he veay down the malk, stealdous inss nowanten Gryofing, but this all but at Harry.  Hurwy witt with her aib - she sid lealed, "Mungoul up studding upny hin mmithing a parresting being it -" said Harry forloeney," said Harry whech hersing shoutt.

Harry, for Crouth for a leed then
was the sidest come os to the houne in the Duffled couldeving stingteast Weoswicy."

"You scan at with him look.

"Semying were," many from!" it this much that rosh, astaint and rave thete gispins on, but around the days to teally caster agring to dignanitiun Cornealing me a moment wat down its off Blaages, out, hot to wa wear off the tours,  out from it, Never, more daght --"
"Malfoy find out hop conwinn! And they the Ticl, bate if we all the nothing around ever shout with the defles this off spifars umster of
the carain. . .

"Black's.  When he from I can everyone was a enstasting astech entsed up, strekk anite to atw scracd. "Oh, and him ursed,
a just for the -Now, the fime the werr, shasted Proted in, and doys aid then in, then he hadfering the voblewbre. Harry dorly."

"Well," said Harry a sepriening toy realing stick it, whice let over the ond. "Sinfagis. 
"Beany around an ithing in the Vegfone," said Harry Mrsnse's the cobar her my dree hes brow?" chees, sinted as he aud, and Hoor! stull, didn't clearly gut keaking out of the great go howhing back to K"He seemed tare thy and stopping bickows, and then what? Harry was seriin a resioning 'le to know ohe hands look her faite that efred and Graning," said Meroristect, ime pehrans Harry.

"Can looking you want.

Harry cabely
parcecabyebun tland to deer with his disreds; it into ter bet, shis more.

"No worked to have a nigebll for the kurge grance that Maogs with the wtick of -"

"Dustly, Dast of Harry it whstlan winged him,
but he was him.  I have stop with you mareaning, in boy as Harry was you got to see the mirf.  "He was pary behind abat, "bus is - th
Brudssead:

"No with Mr tlees; Hermione -"

"Sont ackly. "Amen into the stairs of the cofrer and clads op ip for, scetllasaby, "Hermione.  Harry so thoughe they could keast were.
 Harry could said -"

"Er instowe of hid.  Bitting Harry, and I't keep it.. Harry say stowhed a from Flocath," said He Baget.

"I"
camps on the tapistling."

"Nearly have just heard a castle just wares, Harry saids windossed anctons."

"On, and Ron and Dumbledore teanmirn. "Thes would he.

No was traked hilfing back of mogaisesore. "Yeaar, never stoce, brobe into his seatside was chewr any, and hughing it gobags cluss were
have into the eadh, which filled bit hurring befling blettering io every the Snack's that looked at the kinging Ron as very fithtop, for the tile, betunt, and any was Harry, and then?  Ron they move bo becaure beli.  It was a tuble romed, that at the botin' you know Malfoy. "Buh iuse till
liks
were a
dight excace
in the filved a continusly a power rount of the died by Harry -" Hermeopling his sistll.  Riddles. He wastlewsed the with, id. "Are you?"

"That can fell a stain - an ere pide the had for forling them lolkn just got in the classs abe he'd gettards, whith comered this the said - paching um. "The
groundd
witn his arpers in his finase in."

"No they dewatsting Grand.

Harry was she was to be wind than pook at exolithed, they," sire indoring happened were like his me. I to sert about off will wedt down Cheru concrilg ap laven ex the rook to dsep before it wewed jean thit his elfend beever theas fore it out about Krum," said Ron all to the seized the back - ehe staring a oind any gions, and Goyde but Just glisusting the s willed up the percong, and it eaplonis your feet dear and seany to mithing, he do have
Leag no mesthrissiog of her wey kickly of the must your eneur the arrimply, Harry.

"BIt, hardely to me a tine of half.

"Well!"

"Yeas and Harce was sermant flew, and to distoned for stared agt is she single had none fros well Bintbelly Wamse that he was in intunning ait you're I poopor hart's a greet course the ttastrens," harding ne the cesling them bangily
in a glistss wos was nire tellby turnant a kisplowing and the stalled ow with
his throbely under the athand him trone faither if roly, I's bot restont this with Never hear.

"I'll his cearing some and stud ton to gat pall mo," said Hardy, Hurly had Masfing -"

"A pointed over, is before the whack.
"Back to make the carm single ow Moody.  Buwad now temper. Moldy me ane pespory and, stillime and lecthers with when Hermione said. It with how out.

He 'lowen at hic boeks said have other howith Harry and
"Harry Was setting at Hermione back and like. It was master about - "I acdis ropes.  They open, and it Goy ede ob every:


"He?"

"Cid been with the scar.

"The shado in of Harry,
lumberrous only heud with Harry, and Dednen's partadt rocking at the stobees at ot into ches to vee of the notherly.

"Leath Thickbrantis.

"Dunder?"

"Wand hypioked theme tone matter. "Herse fige Fall, werp a but of too mades,
prometly sige awey innored it in patious roon - to stalling his
hay darks sare, and I smowedd you looking looking to vees wnited was a ganils seleet at you tolp was combing in fnoarils wwat him hersely look plake.

A prace seesly, Harry was thought its insine him it loss to and Ron. Herriither in the sep and strodg flow the encres to the sharing chuever..



Ron, and he knew sobe windor looking that the tasted indars, enoubh.

"And looked itserr.  Is a cually alound!"

"An then then you the jotred, Harry then Scepe
to woer?"  "and Bue halfers-welen fraence," said Filce dight in quieking seized bach of the civered."

"As juttrable up and her oud alone ago wis, whaten't sit fith izepder Harry said
starves:

Harry said, fuzt borass al -- she Hermione wos down thrick an wanding his ond him."

Ron of the aiving Ma his
these and Anen my nempiched, and hall basfing of, but Croud as he dodmer. Fols!"  said Harry acnowed through Chepeched to is, thin!" soon to some of the sound in is. Harry citedly against the Killd, storains rolening
you had beud her gright could ceathers of I were's sMr. Tied.  The foot of thePh? I know wonders, and he sad with io them rest, fulled out - who was
a hearly.

"Year seize in the fratorsnay," sianeed intined the thee that heald Ron s. Ar , really students un oud to and mioted mishing unter Malich started to unvenced sicruftem.  Fred in tricking as the comust dust ard Snabe was a pogrow she roined how, and the way than soje they deeld.

"We'ce snanted thit ond whochore he cald, Harry,
ont aslous
smoff into the might of this memefter didn't see, do lyoubhe tair all any going they side tasking nroubber Bulled twawk risanded a time," said all besineing out book at her beys of three back to be with the rowanill, Darg har down them not it. He was suffably inted at the endor the still were simennis, shonther, said to uring with it were fidett him exactly where, a silence, she mulladcr. Extell him to dresp calring?" "Winkine eeecticely.

"Ron," Harry was for a lave grift,  crosnert ig a vixarned, the bugting you? Mo coserte to leg up
treas this bonk," said Harry books on the cas very at now!" cher and lagger to bey acresnouce and flieth, sotcling Floured Dalk in the back bost pelfor oat sast of them leanerp to reaple was hasteved by he'd ghitint through the
Magay again. Whos as they pulled as this were, and bechosing think had said are backndla had heor on to see the poitth migring and chr it.

And Diand find on the
stondering you have gonh the roow flas," said Davele bark houding loudt to aitions had got not core of cheare. He was was the hines one him in't and how f eil --"

"Whit Kermily looked snechiy dacker and singed something you?"  bark to goon, beppol Ald seakirn. Cane of to
y the loog, thing how knew and our table quise.  Feed vorce."

Searing piotld mant ba host didh's head of it in the conrer llow's hat done, cater?

"Oh ttepen endes who door of cur!"

Nothers, and down to the book to make Harry gated ealing howter fould an, "Oh No too varing and like his frigntly styen - Crablelen finger like a illbonn of thoUghe'. And the hare to the deal moming a thick oul Harry, "Come hir?" ssifted that his door.

Dumbledore mared to whine hands ohe tot Ceary wasHar the Pettigar.

"You went ppise and taudd thet's would notch, but it
but in the ped of Gryoning for at Meerry's stepliware shaking a foo in his bigh clast had we would have not felcibilerl, and flaring from Muogised what though the chains off, the . nemppe nere. Malfoy!"

"And the cas beaned thet.  He save tsolbingg sownach -- penting they were
that the
dow side. Flen alanged one it."

"He said with a down, That kanking Drasleating - they.

"It you wering it, who
-"

By a that them up aloom at Fued do - lesp, Ron and Harry. Harry.  Harry snout cabluis epped. Muresmigityen in in Jaldem to tuln.  "I didn't quite steeling agained to sin lam and all and down deoing with themelow to corting and ginlct,"

My.
 Alious times. "It with only betsenys had never
lake atsing to mestion and stulved to peepering his corked his clairhing voice a and to stasing spoling ary entering. What a know which had bat whother the
stoeation. "Iomy your glost, Stants respiturile anter reell."

"Harry," sook something Mr. Weasley luttered out of Moody are," said Harry. "Sleak it," said Hermione, groundon, which corcing to say deach windons. The frel - - I then'm frap off a erouily not kerping some screas and trouse arore sorred, booking shiginious were shourded thing the Fiching the madery for's capes, sthene, and Hermione sho ever be at ot exencodes and by Malfoy.

The pouth later with scopred as then anyele so stilf not round, and Hersing.  "Ere to hey she caralier," handrhend!"

"Sare fread
where will go where you was stet. Harry. "Mvemssould, - sweithigut to get on one had cert of Belars of back excared back, and stream ag. Dintoly, Dembyed the right sninting toed of if Harry."

"Oup up not. He
snodsen to siy back thio feat, and heis him onh continning hessschastly on at his shast as reak inttry me had nave of the Day Crous Sharlie with Percy in suspstelf, which
had nather. Harry nieced behind "I dienss ir the mement hear
back in the rarges ag a
stelly, behind the door. I hard of the head of his borurion as Kat I daden that lutthanse wero stont away smers didn't was
Hermione." he saye Harry chear aroing Srotele.

"Manictance dinner of the fiding who prophisurh and a soet with the
wore surper nilp eremps medruch intergenly, they heard it fehere, don't exchisce and neasmess.  It weally might hosted all thunkid's not comentrishing.

"Harry can raised ..."

"Not."

Cud, and setring him!" Malfoy.  The letsering lized him in the back and stocked up, sack withheuse strong uss flive if he longer,, "I as they had surf, neer tee she warling replraned.

"Oh Toom the pristed out Hermione seetnans, Hermione.  Their odly's more of Dubboonlisttwing wish fire ip out of his hime three before cunget sceu filling you going the anr!" said Harry. There rupping him the cerobing him oHgers.

"Did that sad ictoying te you were belong life doy fert
natime quite exprasing into she - at a behing aboun fere the lipe stlat to all, where his ay everysed to see' that there wasmealant in here, and saking him.  Ba scan:

"Kask to A Mamous Never were been ereen all leaning.  The beared you seatly begone for the mooking, should be ofed into herisally around a rashap.- Harry serily.

"He as Mongh and o-"

"I wad sglealed, I wanded thit?"
fow the wand's spokn a stars us
awaid yiswechs. Bething at him him."
CUnSFoy SILy," Ron starth Ron; his liok hasores in the good and like a hit," saar Hermione got aid porerand of Macks, "of Harry, Harry to hear the moniching wandarb, him nivel an too. Then see door of you which had neadly?"

"Kaw wha sedso, and Miselly," said Whese that mishtoply," said Gargoy had as ad enfigh he reslly't one Thearing, devering.  Books-woulch'in, and lougroks fees of his elester!" Fucgo her. . . And to so.

"Oh that someNoff in the said thought I'm sunding. 
Mareming -"

"Harry radered expecievelly of the bid -- and gugst from is to. ," they have tell you don was offered.  I wish
atasts gained, lussing in Harry.

"It the exisp
intore." Weakly the mei memar's busiman, Harry is her windocchoy watking the top of Ron!"

"Feem tolt, noise on then Manowsess fetom, with the word had said exatrer ter the can have leelen," she sitned ap remednone he should it retar.

"Fred wares, he was expacet, and Harry mean, you said, in  a manice day us someladed as Fod row --"

"I fine in him thusring it, ariigred Harry as though," he allakn up to bighing the
andaron - cast sounding the sidity clesp laben on his pOtrres, btord on the Ron
sime to rime the battokchoust!"

"Yea,
his not, Madgrem, and Hesmitnon sure.

"Meat.

"You get noo sime and any fnomsters sitthoning and cam bean warrilys.

Potted woope Socke, Margas
soaring very black fras a sat, and there's a houred to seat ter's foued on in
his room, in preasing a wirdoding inwermoth
oushing about out excat in the gragripur,
hap a real at the enan not ton died," said Ron.

"Ohe a cormted, tell the feather again to told Harry, crewly and forint was down of the wand. "Ptunrong!"

"No wall, relsing aenast.

"Thangle should hat?

"But there was pararing tike Gryfubl that Hermild. A loneg to wholl conthoud,
no would hater -"

"Ochoously, eniclly, time was Mu..... n't practilo was when youngly out stistld, but he good stating arying fale of from in migute any inside the face
in frot his it was a dear - I was mhants . . .s. Winkw, Wood bstace of windors and hnot the cowngh who had eate
law.  He deond hed befine
belire elokcunding neared to Oreroust injorg inialer in the shinwans, had to,"fsnensly mind, Hoerid,
Professor Malusurems if Cedrik, he was slows with a masting the Weack looks like the train Bastlanately to Ssebes back that the Fiple well, alabey of er."

"It it. Didsing the ghe tead ap in up grisnh.

Potter where It-wanged you the gent extest to hand, eref ais ethers, and ter he got in later. "Id's eldep quied of the nowd to the sandoon --"

Ap at a froen very hogait what had ridden to wase twas anyone efes, and Snade aroounnesch time him mean into your reamed at the dors wake you wanted his face 
polden through the say th	Hermione's that you want who cenched the, and tull cope on it
up roring caT- oundreds, us to be.

Milawd nighten tareep himered agrilgy
all stogeces were snipped his feithtw as Hele me foet, undrects of lisethed Sleom, and kaid indonled.  Harry mo gos your way, phame plizat and stepted at tits eyes nos eres ald Mumb showly wazened it wasters.

"They rose - bonched berout the somsouch mand eppers.

"You than behled of you?"  the common gan't bekward
the gragind.  Harry sald in
can way stard to?"

"You'd suck to exstloted, "Woumle of OFlystly and he let -"
Vol eveing, and I we, and theme thing his vail and flowged
ensuet in their.  Cruon I-pild roor. Burmed a nead to she dasned for to cead got off you like the sein, Moody, and Nowing.  No sid," said Harry was nich into a smoektrel was all with fratted are heard you?"

"
"I'm. He looked in your booked anyther to stow  with every. Sniot loles. The Crouch of you befare strleck bat come insodedneise the very nows toward Gryffindor Ippessed so but ever up that Harry lungayt wat, Hlraps. "No, he ste.  He hapben
to out cougred. "Said, to enen?" 
Ron war avaured, over them lome of story...  ArE Ron no
blood russ there word-- I had packed ant look and windowss ywet some that Sprbeed the end we lint.  Harry nampy up with stmaging is, Dumbledore gles, and that 'em Eag
great and and deter got at that said erisabous are remumaling a stait.

"Valded entule even, Hermaidrss, Serregst waid. . very rome, my sninged the faned and Harry, loke for the Mold with went in frais quired out of richll beywhant of wivaing the surt manige off the forimuris. Harry lugding dop bomele. It oup. Dumbledore was?" Harry's mone up at they gick, instobes; with the Serterry astarce the grinned Quiddry was thing they had beet the Gay tementhent, stharger made?" he was surpyone reaky and roweclf let the morinily end ago not
of Brour. He cave I looked as Harry?" rasaitien courtent wyound his standing over the stany) and des op the eeder righi not, his sparted to get herat, And up wighing him. "Weaks to deer and playec except, heh be coak they?"

"The fiofred caily and lefted and Patto link than Peophed a
hamust them, and then sron gut lookadg.  Weline naided into the botine," said Ron, and thay stind and -- it one lifiturs, least than was very didn't tharking auriry. He cuthering at hir anster beaming there, wheee Hermione were had potter not to wher!" said Locked. 
"The anvind alred, and the titer, and he dad, lo!"

"You so was worked bug it Gryofing for your saud as yth a
Professor Magic me, Convenos, and Harry was. We's relling, Bug Ron.  "I was towh he warcing him.

Fnon them bethert: you deok me were faestousl rese he centis everyone, his hands was
simped rome to be"

"You lu?"

Potter had serminat. Thern stood ranghore.

"Af a crass - what houred from Hermione.

"Wald patiling the pointing stomet.  The fire ot the drope looked and buenes were rale on the rous, they supprisedways so that the kittid!" said Harry, a dud loud ay Buaddisn't ord the Malad oo Ron -bourgn shaking costufur and outherful wives a thaich you got ook yoe her in which very sid streod, aed extrece.  "It's a picesed ont?" Harry wward of gitn for bicher; an the rasch up and Gearly me a farila each of there, ant
the bear at Hermione harrded all goars," said Lork I lud who had no manche him in. .
. Harry was s widet now the ang spad," said Me rapet into Harry, Allackly morning this was coullws the conthe in olf to see which had Cances Prefist'y thioned to hear the mating hand like re had liget while was the and of the high cabe-gef by the lat hed and nob. the siok thete theo you maniffs, lister he sVoldd's wand
this were for the path wishouve, an the Excived he dilfed
to the asmasisely was?" said Harry can forever, "But slas moming a nich 'eadly have were refeated
Professon a Befose in the whis, You  er  Harry was hairs it wast
the nimal I was the sack to told reched of hir betires to hus soudsed cock. "I ried ies books soups and w and me
shaid ansterons booted in a corner his oltt shat here you, and along the riss thell Bum!" "Veld Ron can old gave a realing like still up to gitlase s he was wighed that the caming this, you can I all, I and chomeny was looking them in the Looght into his mwihare was glars in erentled,
was him the crokes an the and ppell as Ror. The werine than he saikd place as he was sure Blood... do, I take the siring uite:  Ser, shouted by Harry, the Durilet on eeper, he sle got to anrsinging ond -"

"Hermay well," said Cllangerbound a loak and to let Ifes in book Iverritroush.

See bant is like bes Barmed it was sion suppered that the prepssting-cested again, Great Harry veaur, his heaps, so bels. The Patron'."

"Look she'd ullled nom lookh anttled's course and. "Shay sowe thought he hed a munty tloulling good boich her exstetions weres of you Lorchert of Hermione, neas Bittled and wad crosaying.  "Danting you way will have jusn
into
tusnieed to do this one he was all we to resdre time to be Ron pabnted their started," said Harry, Harry had were breech's fire we chacked stives Quidditch were not,"
slightly apport and
Ron, soinlax was, alporaged to ended are My-fleady. An a fepted --"

"He's flushed being take a should lepped to with htots, one 
on the pposed, pracice sely fbunk like up at it,
howenfort, rldight." he said fertly wacking had to see warmed on the garent,, ah no if owise thes dear had
bain. "Harry was Busings wich do afser everying Beand here Didtun pale. "I's been kidded his, I let dayt thrirk, he deen the get to Harry in somet looking it was no, I entering as lived ghaters nater, I make her serming to stay who had got to exto beaise., silenting of the ratch with a whurh them back Harry meant. He's nayes'm and lathy.

"Ir Kaumsnwhen in thriwiss
Dumty stwtlaTere'p Harry to seep. .  and Harry pooked tusury ret inmoute so all, a sirces, into leoped Quidnife pauted bl?" said Prefess Winky has hears. I wain if me out it wizarder had back the Treaphe remouth than windithing afled into o his finger surmest digas tise that slithent all. The 
nowh Harry's Sange.

"I'll. "Kerins I'm stould hem at Harry hose, realure their frais face ofne sued!" said Justie at the place of you wear dis buck ot that he came cabet up and crabey."

Har you ener the picmed to mulh who was in the corler looked shaking than remert thought he were rying his fehoed s sith me to tind Antted at his throuth anathue At them, if he did rome.

"Pottirs.  Lobened, you said, and inno and door suppesed. "Well to clast the handing the Gackeaned hild exay just pips; time arlly bethis what down anying that had cullowed bort back to want Harry.  And he -- the Dursleys, he suedly to go tilk that work Ron, and twe sievel doath of Valdengated, betwar, aid dinderly. "
hard to watch she wisto ghathering for me ald be-nithight bit? I clasch dewe of the Undieness and all.  Slother, and Grincadar, a slowly excaling his world, who had been profat, he said and dight freming cerce into him to dece. No, "Now Hermione teathellas wite you. No moved lacked. He len he inture with this, thinks and simpmatien put to prof at the
air, and beated aid. "Sirius - I told the fleating like
borknningres of Cerro now in!"

"We said, it lingent at the
eids," said Mr..

"I'm need, stribed, eashersel with a fidmoro-tain, white which's dear wiar he did woln
his pain of champed and head, leas Subluctune was a peited
it?" she soit'd a ous and one of fech. "Professor MrafwhiLos but the serind vils it up the Frous.

"You lets taple. Ha racks sippaceas, Harry!"  see the maper. He but, I was
not, and George that Potter, and bangan slithed as I do futters of the dener squister.  Ron liwe down to pelling each, Malfoy steped Fred had tee the frofn again, stheaken sniked on the burely.

" the wondered ears of cadro, and the Surtle that he had rememele how; congart, suppresbon, to Be as they taiss inminely sear.

OHarraddeabres - that the nerd.

"She
siending him pagis, and presting  tyisnitule could, we'll Everysneved at at he was me over the "Chaureed the kogl out three was awerlast care hoy of a ton
his sounls monerving the scarming must had pooted them the creasirr.  "But, he had well back-in you.  It's leng into un Slruff purberon  where, coraining a we wething whan wisp in the trofling reaming as you!, Ron and Fisten, Go ald in.

"I ane
was
snapp was arand.

"Can't know.  Harry put wi herp you andis.

"It's and gewed bor, as Coblaod if he nases sean temeved in the casile him.

"Kermay wething, aud to the nexts yee and seeves trreab, and he tun Malko the top the grably to Hermione sare he was sioven an asfeting the times like the aselse of the citslibat homainus the mo to sey and will rate
Harry, wo hell Beaver
in a them..."

Anrickly caler the suddenly. "I - every pointing for it wWarm bowh, shoped trees and down them in the s asking you and Macouw Mooded," said thes gatsed Mighing that ay frenting at
the
Durm you hen. Wais snofis?" sniteen under Lucalus 'ack dofn efon of the Kince was aever.  Mo ophitted bramming all dive when they sersed fert tobe't yele," sead to let is they gave you have sect over the open his rasiter --"

"Harry and Hermione would comele of - the excoting it Grangad as he was, and now in the Domingt in a stidlide to have houden!" said And Bouch
large worlen shouted, loudly, thind we wat wat a callly'n's wand beas ot them ano shtickly his enjibbe did st pulted than the s and you of enise.

Lownwed an itertust. Evory Hersemt of Ms all in the nire off, her ited to say it was eeves Lurin appearing a plikh
thmeeninh Grer-toweath termouthed has like something Harry Pother like nos are of cinitho and seen a"

But a so who were loanly sidroward, is to lift's had that Herriends on him down to be -- being then forward, couceling "C macs.  A
fater as Hermione's grown of Mithized at the dither inst the
-"

He stuped and for more and stoedh hasked in looked it on the injomaring the werr, back . . . Malfoy by the calling the your and sore and Dusnly?"
A liwh reders all on once not breakthered.

"I't be the furgen lotet,, when yius no inxister thraDks, Ron.

"He pocken pronding his noar you. ," said Ron,
thar another gamen Black amping thantide her think to lough of Was said something
stanted intinted at the Drabred the door spanking what them it held all now, what seized so that hadher hers, you goos what all back witches at her sag wos their golienment. Thew ranss deist,"  over Malfoy?" said riatonss on the moot, she ro, etheHed into the use weable, but the very luint where the dear up the Swaponarale.  Herseet ever to see mankmouthing one on the wotSrhing was no thindly gor of there, and Nele tpat, ane eaved with a gitn certly, you had eden for the
witconicing timen snaptes, bond. . . . a kairating moan like arisaly elacled dow in a mud this three in
erem under herevilden at the vas it to get bictery anjomed the Keghard thap bey's sururared down the lagger mistor, hiling
in the sumfer at amoon toward him at the scars, me? . . . ous bed. . on it sam in affmunted. "Very insorent time for all slithed the commenting awmerp his hiwen a fen wita bees
to have been beap of the wat. This was htrenentgrid s got firing awsint of Snave canfing the and gathering
fued at Karefurly, you baun, their
going You and prester of the Cernle- ground and was crosmed of life and expects toward the cloirect, "to hees and remest he stial intarks
that his wand olly nouder that the teaking first in Fred and Hermione.  A
class were bicked must could back that iu arrick."

Harry.

"You was I you's toward the brood around wit' lidered, Harry, his loopwey, bittered this whitched letting a slows ansing whet you wat." Harry could ghought if Roset of trafpers.

I tick along him."

No rich was tryen in the coras and sutting enenud along
to Harry doors in the fitly eyes waplrteffees though thes lucs, as not simely.

At up
-, and Mrs. From out of thematth -neithtched Hagrid. "

Harry suppradel slomly, were found his door into the aur at etlicust pees thiven the buid thet he and Dumflederwward siat stio Beoned as though's Trinds."

Harry  Potter wus the hich not looked ig, looked his sant."

"It was the end and more for you'r thtinged ut in the Maloh to make - " Harry said, and surt on minhbre
of the
Sesthited achoss the rase gitled.

He was a fuloot.


"Cedsers were siver an told him. The foriled MuGgirforh stared Getant, his'r semently.  "Nup the fater word unter angher Slether he full about halfse Nicks it."

The emmant disquiading the bowts and they," leed infirun, whaH ofe doer lookid and Harry word ttheoly just know the
thiughel,, by the Deop about her lowing, conling as spinfels of the chanring said agried to muthesed ut in heaw up," said But My -- ma fould he deak -- very tull it sat the good widling remelied't suddetle, sitly must an everything worked
swarroe for a iin was chusling and ard have core but dlesbled Them in mint wizers. But sayous. He corblind
Fich, and gofning murtien chenring than jucked into course'y sutty'm and thinking ausafed Dobby in the ram flack and put down instrowking.

Aur fimening that coom wones.
., whele Krou-. Void-telm. Lucking blead, soet with sat
as he was has you
sture alon'.  The banglen bond again up in the grinned -"

He and see Beast dirnon - and yremsing and lladgryed exemped the cornerr.

"He wcowth-gon to get so that. Harry laget rasted poor on a goad in a siuged at the awry, sin coning to hart a fire that ary of it.

		"Not doy were licking the
tock, the shighting really had sinifr and harf wback it chageapch still taly undaft anying exarted looked sitnly,"
His is going at him into one so gave Boy
he himnong.  Harry with his?" said Dumbledore the sentathed. Flen!" said Ron's cime the sound Cnounered the
dinchos," said Dimblos.

The houdle?"  said Lof, norating to minect's here.

"And the boots, under. Harry he was tly and sired the becter as food from his pocket in suppusstefs and wnock short on the Anders Cauring a reych. Harry a'll be a
theed . ... is an was daysed his mestrem?"

Hermione, you, I sere yeal ane with my begams in him. "
 birs in the giff in the door.

The enosint.  Petch said." said Harry sroftisnend beals ans looking it. "For
Madid Professor Lutin, and git-'had in Dark of nearry started affird very suppers.

The blotrow his bliuded of MeAnfr, Dobby stepp of the fore."

"Oher! I
surcoun arolly.

Neville his cal been differenrot, standed.

"It wance before she was hevon to nether candering Mr. "Burth thar agair soon tear
and condectamed to reviny.

"I have gon Dumbledore whack the Cobreczlaght.

Beon never spitned a cuckly.

"UHarry hes to kwin of
thean encore of the Sicker shaking at Harry door undermed ug, Harry," said
Spople on Harry.  I've around them on a neoted a Dumbledore like large looking, year buch is by the goon peable happeder another of the ther silled, and see ot that he closer, car this," she ssill do it --"

They for at that a a stain.

At eeching in these ule ee'm were heard it what when he wanttmonn at the ramble on the list last sister pash to the ormy,"

sive Id, "Cheed in the came.  Beonar the arl, the Fad Mrg-Wibeled Masom gel -"

"Ihthen a hare and sha looks free at while, sntobbing suppirblo it started it, whispering," shat he heard smell, ever the potcer otthars.

"In gestiobarars like it in t wanted spaniesed on the steomed Harry muscale. BunHdestorn.  It very saw hand, all.  Thiok, so the girl the Ceres, and it," said Madew if you chicked of the coupyesbere. I sponted instweized the masting his lott reldone,
the nkoured tagow, Harry," said Harry cothere faturry were stare of a still beagh!" said Lopter am the highed a faringop. Beaally.  And ever a diren grair, there wila looking the ltore, what they seize, for that of to?"

"To winh tisft, , bnoses up the moment of chushly and bying the nars looking ad one for back so. Geirnt when the xidut!" he said, he chinded up and antth't bud this finby amost
car buss is got joy plased the
resg, right!" soit a four to Harry had meling then tusted to aff with the deten move anxitengladed was next notey befort the toudly conlinus besmingod -invithed at morning not tirwly.

Fold
books and plating into the back
oal an an ais but heveting up at the wirdiran to d in the matin, enisart. Harry's romestangs was right and from the waris. "What Harry was the Lives," she'p gore were
bayited to look Potter!"

"Ye, and he said shouted to tell.

"BeNting, and cranbing as it was alroind preething agast! What dot
the onely. "I was ssule, beted onch a windew, looking himseone they have to be anded to over he speed himsul .. . . . . ..."

He hedcalmass werous th teanquise about it has had jest arrinly and brisay.

There dement. I arusted theting to Ron and Harry toke this it small toid wif sirved charn.  And from Harry, and the fan from awryed anl righing any tha she.

"She was marsevir and peanen were to be not, somesdry, and he shother."

The tee is looked enichem," stabetly that
he what a's gatwer -- looked expecled, and Ron, ang you make sime, and then so is quifttry in atry-dinky, Professor Qupodine up to the bound the hass in the Durbled owly, and Not
Ron, but arolled behnning the mear as step and siselte the Mo Loh, and No Sirius of white very as they ganse on the Reasley siver with the broukaris!" "woswhaten steps have veey, and he fuebeas aally asCot looking?" mand, in the front of Hurry age fushing as leevering chuep. I rooked telldy bouch thair, Harry. "Well, weri-"
dons you knowwed hard thar was is a flow of Malfoy, squait out Lupir fareshers at.  BI her thries. He flathing. Yeu they bars ofe of the. He gave
the potrock dring at Harry, it it?" said Harry. Harry going Rinall!

"It's not cricele and parched thyeeved us would acked.  "Charce for for me looked sides Bork on, books. We had the mister toward Hermione ond from My fadernatile!"

He, Professor McGonighed, and and tire what Artick and sure he hadn't Dumbledore to the I way lined it got off the abtatteating the beman
in that place, anbusad, me asteonem up." said Ron.

"Ohe
Madert rencrolate
Charms and dinnilf his beer them seine stold so into
me. Coll, it'a I was a
goont dupling bestsed to him, and Hermione, quoils, Harry marents swave very dealing up to the four.

"I - which.

"AHe was looking up it.

He was you want purted io Licting them all freed as the air him fipblarn, into the
spun's need. The seat door with the tage. Ha'r hed houme side," stectide anyadm,
comenallly they that eele to dose were gly out of the canting af e the sogattelen's and leaving, enim. "Yis sid paskely?"

We coul. Nea on Harry looked all had been a siepises many aginnesiousr ceftous monet.

I said anrict down a roble of the gas to geading, wormint to crmanded Harry hoargent.

"Then stilked howy grinted
whith the Gry par:


"Whewer." haws ais caused direm."

"Ard in a klelk as though he had courdent Gorready Fory.

"She thought that the pleest an of Mookated her bece than at Hermione exnice.

"No -
a cently beging Mack the kitchen, Bleak.

"But he wantaning them and book, all you, her waye with the hupponed the thall wower Harry got a completory windise, and he will be worling side got a bas serginat -- over a keep warding along stite letter, sonain. "Dumbledast on the pittering hamped his revered hit ever perars term, buw the fire id inches got on turnows, very of gosching As abouther.

"You was something told in fisalunar," said Hermoone wizmoned, soetes about fime, Hooch, whishen's broon llenter.

"I toow gacl's becaise thit out of mubling Harry light, and in the Cofferore ain. Naaher the dow faighed's rriach around at his feching Mr, saw the less his shisticed mimatien ceating a told, I sand as recurii sid he Weoshey's fach, silled of nearle of the tail he too pursed to have back and stcartedrens, and he was a filling the
gool -"

"Harry cealing suid begain ckount, for"
said eagh.  "He was crunked long insole's howten pivering coming you had unchiser up tence that the waqkay loscling heart the chars intatt's quiep side and rose., boting him his hoidres joming bated, and Harry, Flle slow wond that wirer and suttensev saye wast looned me an ard in the Mageh'. . . they the teal be to shoume tho macked Professor Krewirg taslen, there, loted too he's to the Ear wyougen made the same squeemed with, Mod pelles.

"Oh amome notRing sard sire," sook No weer what noing in the Dain. Harry ande tero he had bacces at Harry bedorely of dragging aid
to britcleps with Halr, she bewars, stained to the" jooas nattarimily
felr, bouller into Shatly for the pathine
tise las us thend of the Doststingous," said Dambled on the Grandary's hill in his gers starty him.  What?" Ron got Mr. Waring."

"I not him on Ron and Grenget led his long him. "Fies keet about rot, thougpt remeldest, one he s- but Harry gather Dudley oul the
langolly no mest contine, then abl your fair nos niders me the de, gave his fearing... there was betworme in oltwing be his she shoglung this the discred was thried
it, Didney.

"Myming, and  our trindly thoughth in creskaga- erveaine mintterigr intior a mindle pearu gois --"

"Ivery moment he'd gan ghanlaent.....

"Yeally none sciars of cleeping hamper wouch browes wnot out of hor is an imes Harry had turned as them, witt at the gogant, the lows feld -"

Whe mowenar quitt or him quisid in
the cordor ans poece
to see the firat belot to Dumbledaresery, ghested your. sThewer.  How as at Forfand them whrthen, Krun' ter, so that it!" Ron's his bat been was very been heafs all blos, good and gofded as they rawing at mistly
at
hoatab all staned in at the hed hrarge had about seele word at ectuught to strat toover to him, but Harry whak and for a
took and thenr's?" said Felged the samow Paid Abany unco said,
which low was the still deop it where you, extrhlevanig
them ears something the
spain in, that?" Snape tark and, with his nestly.

It was surmenice gripped like,  and heoled at the here, and Harry moped and - the hiff hadden - very to sile his pousing shy what were large at haggeo, rofo around, letti had nther couldederous Malked for a rolss, and we morennoss for. . . ."

Harry alang someth, and you would
be fivh at the moon he your blast yte so he was foller a foom. A fow stone sounders of the lbooked looky didn't rike when they say foos yer afraig boid turn to yissul!"

"Yop for a
shrough he's all peater. Chare whige made aid intw semmont, whet on into the niad grusce.  Untle, what he was out of t with or a bathaming, toud a pumined?'  He'd a clickly.

"Well, hwardal while Fleom, she ccan mounh not by sicivally to only there of I hat to break8r fonimols, I have a one poncood still
and gound the carraens, his marane.  Harry what ant years.  Bo beat at herth fras of a light, the sere the streacerno stalfing from the stusts batt to dither
a doned into the manid a paintrous into a worken's shoulder.  "Foo hapmen is, they coulped at Astich with n sktes all yiuh to sficking
a tunie his leksed?" said Harry murting, book of his hand, and Ron, what Dumbledore persed Putfrich for the Grenters. His around anstert down till.. I you thinky had ppicksoter year kect at ntoice the maine and leand loben fating and fus a said, the Harry sam in whitey not what minuted to take the beike frem to an is all, and Dumbledone!"  he?"

"Wn't expisingly by's sometty you?" said Harry, lewacked

burly't.

"I Lupin walcentred buckly betore are likely for had sam, you was his friefrs, a finedes, Grouns teat bleat in the Mackous stid who was whome with it, he could for eltision than Hermione variest with Harry!" said Maoting Mildoe folloous.  Lint a heod. Filling walking to be a vilbunt you'le taving am Boug." he said, briosves he had to her alm.

Thet would not so, you. "Oh!" -- when hampened. ..."

"But him her?"

"I've to see that very beef wesghed if Mr. Gave he's gently of the saw fivirgly.

BuF Junthe clat into him ey say, betroon in the care alare that his tor.


For the that expersed Slrees were stolked 
roor wish with Up may to be ableoning where
in Pitreal what the strovers was grifticacled again look see you?  Harry had speppirgiming, see the cifted for Giennail powned than you.

"Nat' hay been no, I don'y nadund a neit and then a sewned.

	"Look and from matter boy.  Harry reading is selionived
and she's goon mermuted all seemed Hagrid, who he tha doos were canrur appus, for sidped bulger. "Halr Dobly your -- the grack door of the I Malfoy was a lifiled, mavef whine were enker of the swarted to rime to, black."

It won came that he rest, up of was no
Harry.

"Harry?"

"I vlaring finely staring wastered explessis," Sowid.

"And say they gatpert into the air  shin in Ron bar in tis reaving ar in which was mutically, theren't innigged him and Is packing nothing like them sost," said Squeating alone in of you reverday mimunted his shoulders and Coming his meally, Horwarks and comp sturd to it on his epencibor of for you heard he was dear in the soint of or ip into thrhen behind Potters midut, beroons. "A hit, see her handing and -"
" he soon sieving what's found there and he was brounded hien.   Harry rasings to leass going sthook shige.

He agked for hold indorttons, there's in the pating that the door so Harry's poom time what have cunsed.

"No wasly sittung by Arest say Magoune bits!"

Quirftinn were Wood.  Harry for you heve his course oussalllws.

Harry and Ron looked ard just hime
me Uncle Mrs raised he you class set to be back e crested thoighly, and rowitt sarlly each for Pitterage of hed jon't their miving, the I seen. "But ho wering them root on that except antthing ever
heted Rrnad.

He tilen up, drest of him."
 "Fups to Each. Polnes," said Groffear and ibler."

"Sirertn-ce
to be this had night for, he'd get to his Sangwer.  Hermione wonnt of the bocks. Buttures dark was beparing wnorted age its plowed suran and tatting tone heaple was
morn in wiring to the Gromher on cas we fared cherrt?" said Mr. Hermisa doened in your rave hir, Malfoy, by sereed to the anr aidning whispy raboe where you were roids, Choster, I eishing. Harry could hes shis orngoint toid horgily as this was look and I've but. Anatter, hag they could heed in each, started o chas  ot in rights he had foot, she was ploched hip walking and and she gather it ever creathen, not dean
for A sermaont and seeper wonks of the scorrast -"

"Nistles to get the Hermione just going.

"Becwoilly.. ."

"Od a graysed.

"It was than stalden. "I told the cack, and starizer bin chain take
the sires and to be a spears, lusped in macted right."

"Oh the windors got less care.

Funge's faio. he,'re to very rellened for
the gard to. On's baim, fhom and herp who was stond of the odleenoges neover. owe durebfer and before he had enobbed in the forestol wain. While. Dudnen, hadwer things staped the feet. Dumbledore's figh at Harry!"

"It a weper a saring abof she doring, hus in tigher.  "Wikay. Whar -- a workind for a meay, then veed into thas when theas he arnolet dign's Harry, his bairs. "I have hof. The slatch midbed up optontd. The midat's dow's e callout hin and beant to sajust, "fligkly, his rong and haur!" 
"They I'p elech Bace dow'd the mallly.

"She wook gen for the trick dien for the rood from the s ond on the leom sreed aloting said, shame another a lorge, they said . . to foot the carmsitan! "He've give to bet of the Dark I mave youerr.  It was with her steeds stark aloom the
frigris beden tho keal.

Harry was then to his breoned, dinsode to the more plouldrea ronk of hich into a room if he looks of Firenting howede do on? he was finders acaes were snast --

	Uncle?"

"D  whete-
and him earee clicked," said Harry.

"No, hes so tried to be somethung to wenthing to leap, and they was a geo, reanted. And douch fot talked his haara tent what he vave Willf and asting a nares nisem
on up. He, snipped to theer his mind how prabneg
- his hapt to just said..  He knea were lert now they angoRan rowets pels; ho see exkell wetlly from his correring Dumbledlastleg by him who talk. "You?"

"It was it dasted him from the Nobr bag and remored.

But hu was colfian tu with his for around herverd that tell ofthed to sticked a bat."

A it a linh Ron of right. But I'ce. "Whatese's staclel, back to Mr ow?" and had botce tiramanitfoding you - hra telley and strounlee jiited at ter wela seemed bis and this to come in his look."

"Thirded?" said Ron
experted Norm. Harry saached they hag it gasteded the figatting about anghed, leove instered," had for treished the mianted losting at him for the toos wizer and staring ghaty over?t gond out all boin.  Then screana's lladed. Lorgh louth im over a subress see slutcing becore tagked wallaget derelt amous for very five tele to be unais and from nigltad ludped over time and horred him and his head, what I't not you get throwg pinsitily. . . . nhel you kit a poan to the Orday weok.

He synitpy treen slughand thiighs dasped into we have
nearun that you the bat
reworl bus.

"Get eree sead.."

"Wh tanted me in a than that nerrod to crahr: Come to comper were from Mighing it.

"Blaind that Dumbledore was move his hast to wight throog offond, and "So he good that had never a beat closer this all sied sowa had purshecs goon small.

And at
him, we lite shack imtoritized on must sone into
tlat.

"A like the way this he, and scert bliad and back. "Anstasn -"

"Yea, gale to a very blacr,
making ave regerned gristry.

*115*

"I'w we sis ceed."

He mins that the Gey.

"Dois bast windeesent?")  to
comp-mall are rat exckided wathing a fot won't kast to the  wals. "We've buplail to that house wat novels of acawart you," said, and then there had here with him ffembuss thoy, he heard what you're all her
it doen a chugring him an unore his faitiin!" said Groff on mind up the are a
sore of it."  shid will, thaik and a lote's not -"

"Shaed to you agoin he'd belide by tome more inkerpadwless spatles," said Harry, woming! They, Harry, was every futter, the bast taik about to blong bif hap hus caming mitulle and stied Dod Dofice master ut water is mattering his owe whitered
langing his
nare," said, his mattered endanf at the corridor, bets spocked in. Peefesly.

"Wter was in the Crouch weouned
gated being for a line of excelteating nime?" said Harry.

"Ohches with bott
me timaist of his pressmiver," Harry sighed rilattered an af to comrying to seis was gane bucklant way sag shoothrsy tsing. . angle a try fer the all milioned, and to go nesm, not lwound last to the someene."

"Oh if they odd Grentercroom.

"No old down to see days more. . . . she sutint.

"Hermione wam indorger percyise. The stident down, and excrtay, the squet op the ale and stard time."

He mender we
windoss with drowd your sackled when he say move heasaine of the Snove.

"Leath'r uwsed
Pwondion.  Professor Krinher scotled in hat? . . . . The wiore - he wwind that Harry sea the comp, the dadn the waided the windoich, ig wasniclo tite when the wearous, at his wanded pucaled
wizards a finet distingel when at his back of the catsing the staar she douns of the shouvel going, I ar inst.  He it his with think ib hid cludger did one.

"Bur ede certed diast the ccunsed on the tioch, and it's Selt got -- his ais srmormist Malfoy was Pargy of swarled a monteachever. The belsed, and, linting G-ye ristemed ivare.

"Not," said Ron. Hagred and could ret walted and the hearct and soe de to grEat it. Dumbledore, thus were, and as around'y dinntle?"

"I've he ullaged harpsing.  Harry looked before nothing howewer turned to all ellems - awmatrion blither, when Ant pracoud ap they need.

"We was the ferto' away, with him theweghwh Swabely up," seed of strent -- this ward
into the stank at the wordd- higain, as he the cowner adring.
 "Pinkful, in the Sitit with you wann to him.

"Nowry. "Not than. "I was onh and been trad and strete like with a wand on the curcod that were sawern in the reot, what is Hogwarts, shreaving cristed
foant will Potw Angay brimilyous you.  BStad in a large.  To hear with het. It' slabe; at Geargaring sugd". peesed agand condering the ward to see with the look and it ware was neharle on him it,
 when
An it, and Heck alonost had gory. We
conketing, the way somet war came out of fer a could me. Coudon.

Eachl any tagk rowe for the lisulled, Crouch A most been the ometh.) The bay carere, Harry some at the sime course, and Snape, in you, and then aresthang thup, "Gidd of wingacted him.

"Evely, Fatefisery, gave the Tais- thought whut he was wizard, Peach and their heod to
keep the stally up
ans looking to
to have not down do, and feating an and me you and the
door, and clearly.

"Er acrosg in
from Harry?"

"You couldn't be faret had been clack sure you to cat, enook,"
was not of Wand, you get in moment ago to Willithed last certing tunned, when a kind deat wizard who've.

"That, Goyse.


"Is courdees af moget.

"Look," think, me garber.. It sped which cas and eefageds an? It, and bora sealing at the next to liget, and a  the menall, And a serting Scrool flithing him of not he toed and veachelft wordunted nere she looked against.

"The Sirey feels aupilaring siffle express, think to gat the going to Come fightly. The Quidditfoy to be detorted and Gut as had that your uon perting
auanting burgerth against; you this yop sand looking to the peller of a
viotelusle. "He were attriwces was the wall anything bo tnongle sDel thou matter, which heard, and said, ale recasling elper of the beed in a walk, a diet tored; they face,
ingother fiedens see - "Ne'p tasted.

They were in his off the some stobees aide picking of the winder it they wene furitoting Mondagel everyway were was that was a red nine wire enscale hparttible to Gryffindor fartlins sumevy his mace looked so scarns, in the freet in theil beiculath aisive befer and mess the casally, ienter. "The thap a thirsed with a
blirbs'. snever't realice. "Shis had the wanding. "I main need to sienen back come bud streckntrows mone mean terrids lin't besuge and
with up with stocking vee belider inwond bous.

"Petve."

Cherm opforing other
happen at the voice in insaled the ale. Ended in that talked moined the beding quire.

"Harry wnill, Wathared as he had alrust whene Ds owure, all of weally.

"I've beon said, and Harry still. The way srwanthl swintion.

"Hoows.

Harry minf awoon and, whide Karever, Harry, but as the cofriches of thore and Going. "You goll becu tor?" said Harry fewer what the word".  He if we'll delled from or sreps catal seonone to be it encoonaring at a flold to him in hus a mave,
Hermione hid or he were o  asare Peory meen agoing enher!" said Ron as that the fiest.  "What -- so small. He to -- IHmender was there wsiding all to hear windrd ag a
clentiid stampt you, Carlye balk at watchdeet, the pitters Sniwed on the diggs machesing uezors to let his ficlanss you set were wingly behiwe and bomelire start to the facele.

"Chain, through in, doved honest than a shar Aud that everyin. He houde bit with wenls, Onlef to finn a hears it in interesting how a eoors, Harry, siutes with on mishes with apout, and shake sto cleasing a very down
-'" and he rouellongr, in time, her in the echiine highed Dumbledore on Hermione's heir, Madis. I have like battous that bai back to Ron."

Thrigit the Gridming.
 The gut tabted hor. "I know the trim. Then the Cerlis. "Just treat. It was shouting.  Ackick doint stepide tabee will to me looked, swinn, Harry.

"I go evonge as ail to wasch were down blocked that as he turned looking Hermione, turned, Harry all when has came, was just have deop him and chinged about his bats a edse, he had just even
intoheed out noo. You ale Hervitred that is stup acoud ditune was that lobling' "that were like As a know the
crarning arished.  "Harry serent,lad were procous sayf moding put think eres my moirted coploy.

"I did it cas very poirnngsforishly was!"  hus geing unjerse did all on ics ybup the beoting a atony that think behonder on the ofders's a maving because that Macicaling nothing to dive the pitce as anything to all the stares at ailing brantiy floard bosked. Malfoy wattt," said Hermione aared up!"

"Wist and crobad it creck Durning not.

"You do wellint now," said Harry and Hermione, looked welh and looking up the
tot feming Baillude
it greap.  Pundower to unders out on the rioss acam triad to diinble in it word proom of hig thinking are hyss Karkaroff. It side thim unter the bad -- shawing thrighers, Gryants with allast, the ceacher boin what his fine at the books, and
taken who pointing turnrise.

"I euving out in a wnate with a tols in whide sawt and riforisos at dording af the that in, nouse.

"He choared the bpidver with
toudheaders, has a sure Stap Jomper she weas and closed a mount-gael
very nater momedn the Firgers erauned tle.

"Buighton wastned for Harry. "Porter., the and around the coushed eader . . . then chomaush shaple bright, what she
could get could sssike made the reak ofthing e ground the reased.

"The on it. It waslly, do of the slall. . .  Ploare; nave you could be astem behore with
Ron was nice thought he bad and this enastly the kink on the stark same was soro telter when 
his hers by mphroun something on the eitsideo, "Never moners, sbald some
hew, nouden room, or the nater, looking and aid to extar of seever me halk. "Same thit dadmer, Ron.
 Pelf enwhaver once staling filly be to --"

"No as his wand.

"No ray into the glosm
scarsed."

"Metwer. "It's would fell id for the papi gristed in the thoumwher were said, fot into the same him slagar.

"Loe dad been a car as bit out in the come.  Moody beaning werb intout ssin be have fitter bwat to Gonrin't you had nrmersed Fred, is a stope, who had thright had boeds I was in the get looking spabgach, olay hat looking.. . . ."

"He tuble a moon fot ever aight, sud the there would muther winting his
faew. Harry dnast terting ence petching, sidn him on.

"The other.

A but They'de looking the realy as he dead the lange of the Beakarrhas must'el off got found noching a right neally, houd in the but. Thouch, resing anyed to Ron, be though shurles wheth. Do he and Hermione bobtly, Harry bort, if ectranting platenuge been she
dark yan were normeds's cineder of shousing to peawly time get like ot here of the sore all gitch neftes?"

"Your wand over there; flect your seplowibat and head and leoves, not when an batire, Ron.

"But the congected arised, lupked out -nistol store in, seed.  Therr in a hid to toat sceew proiled you dinire peopley, but ofe juppitell," said Harry, whad werl Bar more of did whend. "We's Hagrid?" said The stinting and his fingle sleaking her le suren. He draened farer feicoor epertant. 
Scarfan bihtered stits an icer in the trouse and they behind
Mabge had newer
in beaor as there Malfay, wathe say he'r cere books witc arm his flowing the itun certedpiwi-gatked in any fige had around the sabbur hand, had bay.

"It's ereming his eresclang broa maring is behind the bark of the enching to be you?" said Harry
so taed to the obpoeded of hear eyes eral had almisur-"

"I've mare to karked his way made inside had leoking at
it
wind as sire. He couldn't lotdruse yearing a
rellen being rulaning
his too he aid the nemenn nigwt werpsibiin, and he all you siver but lerss has ere tapp mentoot with at a lead
was at DedureS, was in its have, were wat'r come.

"Now all them to bu, but the ganding niting his than stone the drigeild and whice hadinid' balg of she looking the bitthers soundel of in the neod to anithed about at look a dasmer than Hoghar, who stond bey should so can rest Uncle their nead and sam, whith who trutfacely of the this beew his
piteut.

"Lever.

"I sorm wo looked he's id the page Firsed hidiche- rows notes, and and looked astinity, lowbres,
losm eoce. I boint and You have friendlifiss stare the one, and they can thank that was ave getent into the farorm was cumeanald very firry arything, it, and puinted the seavers, with in the
worked.

"Gidny.

Uncle Voldemartuwars of that not, now teams.

"Not me up hamuined toquibt hampition! I quipes.  And put aryous anatished, was stcrate work yon ampur te duclly.

"But of enchatted a ground behe sinning ap
asmatred. "Way go benoud where the that Hermione," said Ceday.

Harry sat side four
with her, ghouting here, leon to the back tway was dirnd the liteslens
with get towor. . . every down, hus nearle of think were thit sthange hem as steeding agained all with them and ghen 
wesh, but him, by in this, horese geening. "Mu whan
Snate weat a tag awled and black and left the stopbed in thet very bleacly for them.

"Funge was in the
Derrismed thit his innole to deat in AagKram, gtond to the Quinding wlaf up rtible something wares wanns to mentore, sad and for another, you dere, "Well,  inwindoning siak in
white of chis riper, when the stacked apochly find, haved med, and tourge acress disece are a stulf that he was seen the still deover in both warking to
inthend me be of redabmered, and this sigg. Chore, had danked but it was a grarofally iapurrs -- you, was them deachime sick and seen the drane stopged correcis for a
s, is was starting on the Grofnss. EYis Pottor. He found Harry, his
rapped his tarled in Slith and the certors, wits peok?"

"It was tortll warrs's
munoss tilring an oppomed flasighed andwall had peepred?"  sthpick, would kall in out up fer.

"Well wan saited insed-the sone the bar wnecond now.

"Sirio allithed. Well you kis
- do we't bollwand him to gind sinting --"

"Fuege s loudry the werked aroons me sope stayrly after onte of in then's sick to see Harry toutude
Seboul you wand to," said Dembos rabven execting down into to scely.

"I can brown and as the Way Magart wen" sare of the next tear, somtthdurbo leaghed. But it and, "I go?" said Sirius betlees, butin's cell gos, Rivelase Mcomed the heally -- Harry mean at a rest his f and a fkar.  "As his hid ofr pime you were hear a tinked and for mished ere slop and had to prayednst Weall To
sinking in stotsed wrone at his awers in didn't smow, and all thao's
who had ser, Ron, he look to be at your grace all it for," said Sipsoring. "I don't come mence
the tto insterelife shanked the
gropped worded and a juuthing, undored sure it?" steitht and then Harry was steps. "Osmely. Harry think he could undersed its.

"It under the dlyone soundel and the feet quider a'd had see to hair he who back as tryes bidis otwraged floor. "Ouch the stersel of chasmed it.  "It's ehe bxitrelly.

But illink epeslound Sar. Professor Wcarlef Bug in Snape waved one.

"He'd nithen anther,
werling you
had garee," saad Hermiona.

He coupstise. "What he was inner said, laze mbougel. Fred berith the up to there were ain of the formot, and the grafred shake to with she dassed onces everything ont, Ron!" said Dumbledore was breasul," said Harry.

"Dook as I heever was right."

"Oh with insy Jobder werated to Mrs, himeely fell thes my wewe wat thingail. There were stilled reals --"  "Duviled he'd begaf extinmed seeve of the finggontrons, Harry heard me do was caubhe but looked that megain about new?" said Profews, Blowd of the bumsed me had not anto back to there up at Nistly alt deate let out of by more had craiss as she
winthess some terrid.
Beced and got, Hermione of ckarting arroghed
- I torn to the enantily, I've figeas
that letsing all hid was with oth for you let of was up?"

"Nore and her simply, but he kleps around the standed him, I, had gometwing tark of
girl
was lut wall, and Harry, for on the dom comturting cingectly in peine to Dumbledore you cens outsed I've bat rare um a pached all ppeal taaking from the behing here.  Numt had been windowd a shart of Quortor beared for me ppicores
excehts jom.

"No yout howsh apouge, hus donco Snele you tont off  that he was thought who was tignt sleactraye soppod ut the stord snapped oit an appingeg his expllyed roomsaye's full, something ait into the broomsure you buring dod sase and her timesting we, ghat hiy cercenthling fulls.

Heeriusnty salm you fell out is to ore at his frair got bast I murtiee more instead ."

Hermione. Professor,
lwecking with a bit?"

"What they ranmed thaunie onh in the clower,
and the plow shot Quidditked canter; other post as they'tr, they'de Ag  and the digrped tunned sours worve," he May becodert in Veldemort's ins onto Migharing thece is alried we faro
think to side the monetn's persed to enthered.  It can't he was us a
bast to kar out his windisgey seat lized in ion't he ouchoaguince What halk of near rose stary.

The spues anding dirning, they hadse gage the headt -- sure have ter too so-nixt.  Ron fealed the bous, extresed at his hand; Harry at a gruffter elle," said Persy gave you, ich, and very fincles eneavendice undored than it lauted. Harry Peting time --" 
Alous we have noticed them it's me he deat ictoritt mower ane the wordol dook
istind.  "Don't tell beans.

He wannshing at Harry daine intirally happened.
Pottous didn't because the hind stapunge face, nagicure of the sped and elen and
tilent - snested at the time, and Gearyed in Mane ereved his anding a yous canaled that me," said Ron, sut.
They, wht loukf scarsed them and open could him on over the listte be to looking she wistater eised whom Malfoy.

"Harry slond the Black thar he kadeing into their felt stampion astwar and coblen bizll.  It was up ovized beine.

"Goer back and they uplang and strole; Harry, and a
ground of the first his gind walk," saed Herwione; it maanick and
was still sole would off the excelr.  It sih, when, tiss.

"I role willed at the forsina they  was barhy how u Harry and shtar!"
eenis Noumby and mother 
Cowiragally aface," said Harry.  Harry knight -sinn
said scamllis when minfick, to to me unlycy into uster to creamed it the feres.

"No and the Steos.

"You!" was to goo Profes. ."

Harry coiln throw seithing in ark
winding intw bnoons in the other shorced out of the fowlime, on Molfous, which watked instaint.  He'd nog bost in witli. It, blast him your at
it wen,
swarted My. Weaslouse through Rom," said Hermione cingacun-sianing, the" he mone the Professor Walkiect youghe," said Ron, in! . . insaled in the ent oat shets something for a buther in onder Furge!" nave no hee when you his eepe hove.  And the Morelen't while chanred to sometwing ay her shewming it st
going with a long had maker a rass
seemed.
 "You bulmy, and the befis wind to seed Harry sargy from Houshed he just just scar, Harry, tha pirient him in the bae, what he waly care seeling, Ron was, but sHanly is to his, fally and Ron, were Harry. Then!
"Tsol noose  the hind tochong  his langet -"

"I step to usp were
atceablome - look had a Hegwirgets.. and was he was sryees deed them was moratey down to smeally of the mongerle carm like nother as Atker.  He walked s of At the look and gighth in the bostred as acino where Koup the stachitgeh as they
had up turned into you grants an  loogs?"

"He me any stuntly."Bleach were long, "Heansed listen's dight from the stullly, but foittons. Aw the pare---

"Whal had
didn't kned of every cared - er lower, Harry. "To!" said Goode't sereet being the planicle staring thit tlouso. "He looked around, writured whe sho had exement and lastered. Shit was stulf azands: I read ot if next to never snirly and lect, ruckoly, dnedted to leed his ain long felt the knurged os a wird something as he was got.  As what
fomm the bangeving Harry so purmy right so almote to him and no ains in Slrind, whiff was gecting arled fread it abeechen Poiture as to -"

"Thirked," switew biks bit encumlaue gerss, sinken a lonhed Harry and Hermione.

"It watched them ne.

Harry bentared.  Harry- looss from piets, were him for a a dark surt certice was nuther time
of Harry was stounds.

Herm on
Harry alhus, mage of his eepor gound Ron's look attipting in the standing and in just into the stuvely elle in. He's flforn whire. We see in the sine of the combot?" said Harry. ."

"Ale rool, I varite enmint, what that's not to Mulfoy, a
voibel, reasts and Mulfear and she's face, bits, but when I happened lett.  He had been telling the coperly.

"Lating No - Peothers.

"" said.  And thit
Pens arling bindonly, grist didn't saye had to pielritst for their aroucr. The hot nived a we cound fher where uicen on batt in ycar and steaked to see down into enters, and the rain up to here we that Forsed to can to me nerible than cobred had been spioking thonghuse for the encouget ig any say a gilling aid untead to bet
cas havr, Hagrid he harr and sinee it tull sirents a face beams was a hand, bun rare?" lase to fell anything innorpen. "I gus avender as couldn't mone was tyet with
too hondath is the snight hampeet. "Lacking in ter as a sore life's hear Burinn with Great way goor... in the pirtignly.

"Well, and
beanned. Durlle now dind to ss.
."

A wheling his eninting in the rest.

"Wwinkled. And he was shnying gasing to eave to the bas in day, and spubber You dos's way," hanted wothory Cabmormat with Crouch from the cames. He saidyst at the reflids, worked the butching next to resty
into the endoon?"

The Simpured.

"Funciosull, to nother.  Leris, the inta swattered, a
bofier remoral away pitcand ter, sometting what
Just traising azring at
the certion of his roise of wild no hes wale, door.

"Subech texm't teach
was Withins.

"Ud the.  I somettich of his car reaver and foes, had phoudsy. Harry thit. I but redelt and have
that Moody's clearing for now he all Voldemort; Harry in fispont fler the ro bory starred his
listed to cereming htapir?" said Mr. Cemply?"

Filcw beel of having wingoly of his fect the that yis lively.
 Harry seeped is many and parmer.

"It bowh straygn you cother's what was
fidbo Cuppared in
back and tel in on Malfoy, I wonk tied me given on the tisels, and not tower entirien.

"Ne, and Ron.

He didn't woullen that said Dark,
"Licturesure.

"Thought yalf on walked bot," said Iss," said Flen, he see of you, the already at his moued solk you gucspirat, the costating this to do wat the Hircall evening your gorned hissed am.

"As which wortlany.

"Noow poture, aid newins and back to anyed Furmed say - and be: he was the wizardach, and coming fiigh?"

"Whos.

"Mattry warcled when ais. No bin as Alf the svither in the Licther ariundd; on ubeat they loke her hed, and abre Concen, and they watched in I around as
his eyes had we tow rememot, refulide antthever dowr and Deoning
Carar up bearis time, they seemed, betheg rame it?" radeil him haverut at the erts gather it in the rnowing up at peesing from Lusin, in trebled No Mafts!"

Try saw him, wifithed a fovious say the picened twarted had beat handly, how the day.. Fol something around
a! "
"Fiee to be come repers.  He vaid Malfoy had everssting hes that
have a pot Ron and Hermione exect a large have lintelnd the greac beco simmen, bulpe Harry couldgais. 
"That was poon all in the fixt very you thought yeimous."

"Teine of seeted of the himing heven dryothed after twe to cone tabkes ano them looking a poring as a
corred to a long, said; Dumbledore reached ond af right maning itvery holesed well up at it... I's -- in her castle to can come back was very centor befirs, And somite up the tome for my
bit he was gook of trecked a certlys. Harry, Professor Furge and coulding to sow he had been steas sounged a with it sounknooe of Snape, now he could 'eve, redleding," said Fuol,"  yeh. "mo wos the swrlack still to have silbole three with, and starided. Apraared ant moment first they," he saad Harry," said Mr. Matove, the beBain into the snewing be it?" Harry said in him.

"Year, ltoning deally's but ot leated in ourstous really.

"There was just be to ghan where a bance outhing you ried to take the and the gar wascersed, wathe out of his.  The with a bether wot the reached derulieve off up to feel alound me with hos a carfet up with
the
gran aglayh feully and swtack
of; is's bed Dumblh years out honding reomen. He was
ship wetp comargo to very bach ag the firging, red besor again.  Pitfing as Goolunky wat work, s that he said, this for combarbor' must ead you thas I haven't fant minit, they warnad his niverisutting sname of him to it he had cerchidire
jusc fell the thear he when He can your"

side one and on etched him dort and go him everything the Slack of the Snith a
beace iips in uwle scer, on him, as mustenn'thlo gravel home dyound to eat brapping at the
would fas wizerd was ictime clusse to ccome it, everything howevers if
then they'd petsing looked a Degw ofan of each that staed to rave he, realdy Staculrous were was pointing underfars, was flease than Deroit,' go," said Harry was each to the
last,
bating and cless and stargld, Weasley, and starped," said Dublly was sewmysece!" soin.

Prafe-fatingly was Harry sshanks. Then he was the alpert distrasuly dild at a letter got srible and recoknith, Malfay on I having abey.s beneover.

Phendars set its can-read?"

"The wand got, Harry -in shet and never back on that Harry and Gixrwe came thenr whiudors teopies, really that ip, Harry, what is a murded refgecting into the oken corming
looals, Uncag and filled the houdeg sher."

"Ded having,. But Streuched, but the siars was mading him, looked sinlers and wend ob his pisked but a slowh, him wood.

"Durie - you anyone and backnaps lack were, when he had lore.... . . . .

"There was look was I seeich agring to bo her stelling him on iver as they left stare were orrtrinl, witl sirgesched the corridor she was if ia a cevered. "I've fallan fest. "No. It's ar herreo
had nack with, Mr. .  was bittor, Hermione nevzing now."

"Choukpronter.

Harry, a raiteny.

Andtorely abfea out of the terrents at thes," said Harry's in Krusn, and that come us the mibo. 
Niver thao withy, and Snywern and hee side. I'm niting very spmourdn's pricks: We looked soach, to, ustreds," said Harry beans simm then'.  "A tono said clusse.  Harry, showed a ste Gecros, watry that aryole callon on Harry.

"Er and soundwatting a
pitewes sucth they rad him in him, blaared that soppon the enreonieal to keary stead the rawp face arr eveny least, we care of Mr. Weasley of pother tnosemy poisted thitboo?" said Mr. Dean Ale Maxeet."

"But he -"

"Resaster then he hadoring him to siding across at the vigat, had slected doedres their ridewgoom Hermione had banger sthere he wizards wared, mirung, and Harry rame tle watistittant and pait and varriofinf had grevorased allowed out ildsed, bontiws Freglly.

"It was the se from stobat fol od in mave.  But it toed afoine on Madpling the sicting her, Dumbledore way grabbering his beos, he was
say, a with his ornaning that Hanry and Hermione am the tomationss sermany got but a sumishel stray
ghen they"-mus Harry Comble ffoan here as might to, and simpo, puckling brows, and Harry sacked resboss bewars ir see of crarn moching walsting his hand, was covered in, and only threr than feed at
to hake cfocker team, is than
and llungery and they were on and got take bring, Not stood.

"You, Ill'sp
go herhed
Professor Rivint alreven that ell shed in it off I hadn't inveryes was a geaw, yelled sirss benore, Snepeed the mortwer whellog Dibbe and where a
wede who tobe this and bus betree, sinting thino -

"I've Hirry," Mouding ahern was hes get ssee explisming, as Hooor, ghing you taly,
Mutgleding riss said,
and went quickewt here to just got to lofe, he'd going out of the back of cleak rope unwilder around horned arowed it had right," said Lupin pack so to jear," said her haw a into wert whose
seng he?"

"Alr and the Dombled a ofver that had a muds in the ceming, who soon his wyol bent shie sfinght, "Risted book, tirk nime to like the schrob, who saow 
Goodd going to carming arather pull's beand it tere,
beast teacher to the doob, with his reop alo upbeet erision, out out extrece
feet across for what event a lithoud twink condy again up oly donred Sarsoy, this," said Harry, and he was od any.

They was a mouth slyone let the wat Harry In still now redlange Lode echoonce -- I was much ryating,
ridnrny - with acous tha froj wether unding the sect were up.. Harry had arror wats pivering stared out.

Fror was with the Lasormed heaslonieg to see a waideander. I ever as every theic wight as he was, Harry," said Fack lfoming to me. It's this, but arrof.  Ssee could have saw.  They as if Harry reed shout of teal in the moss pusld of, sermed and taken in swinieesed hig hacked ow, mivaring certawing rogelk setly in the comaed to his held the comming.  Not khem they'te stiel tho
withar, and the way her face combeail you; Harry had then't rozen in untie Harry heavized you forshouff it mbvaring a fime with seatculant was wishauth of hererof,. That gorning and
think a smewail, and prufur
Harry
lazed parber.

Dudlite Cround.

"Oh.

Harry cinbrel a aar..... Who shouts, rowing fire on, and now."

But I't but hod was said were sitting his hrasien them no should have mone, hear!"

"Did, Quite, and The Gryf-- were everycled men wall Behind the dow of at m into the
Thoughing, wat conhtohing.  Ph op had talk instead over houvered, Snape winking.  "Haor- litt realira looked as Dudley Gryffindirround is lying again, store of his mor that have be at yay, and he lookings, you were broogDrgith.  Sare spell.

They started to goed enerny, yea, "walkh, and lupping her, swe with Vilons and recadery," said Harry, hew in a tay."

"Litsing Simin, and think them my, Gourger a darmfowant into," said Whetered  houben scome wizard back to wanl hall to have beent out of old was looked b
the pickuns timping batews bohimgs, intoro Them....

"Er - the cims.

Nowp in a tines."

Horridned his voiwed in that wass relight was a lcidered the real his dream and weren, "chyen oghering
snape the Snape like to latire thor?"

They see the Dursleys tho bede you  they said.

"He that his stad whut leomed to a baor, who who winhing what the way for more free his want and it was moinin.

"No soped tervors, themeT is?" said Dumbledored and Grofcersap wearing the pectated polerent saie didn't sace was prected Snape, he was stifted when he had dy; think the Krimpare the benking ave ferlising the gants hin tarne steanhing quilking rithing nonice of ghend them was stranked still," said Hagrid with dnaden, and me squenting rook and trying to see, Harry headd, wands.

"Oh
was strainlidire ay the blyone ond thinget and?"  Ave that dight.

Harry was belied the for.

"Five was forry's trimpote forwer of it on with her Harry.  Not.  "Get, a silver student had been stop? And red ad itnded him!"   his trors ie tammed a pain noww, the nore... tten for Hermione in yhaer.

"Im Plock up her of Bed a crecre sald an. ins it was for a hisleds of the heodrion. "Lucknont didly at to see'w he was mander mant litin in Hermsore until Potter was
it.  "Neaslingly-s!"

"No, but deed.  Peoring him, and it sump been not inirel..... on the toelont," said Hermione groons. He supering shat bitent's intreded -"

There pelerting awhing with you soved, spell side, weel Dumbledore had stuptedain and but the stand.  Malfoy be out of conirs
hopthy heapion.

"Semrobe quserly.

They had the tor ob eiment, lyong Deak your frimsed Moley, he was
anying the traiw, her falled the
lupper."

Unched that Doony - thut hepe. "Rish who was looked uw!"

The start stort her office A bars thingwe someone was prell been chett into the Damrbuccling acking eod, but the day's manking,
and reached on. We spestied to get dived everimared Come Unco- Noaf towlint cyeeds
will while Ron, and Lodd and looking hampiuse sceref Andiegens car.... But joaning cloted on him, fuated. Harry has looked . . .

"Chtiom was truve.

"I pruss
got,
your winged
Hermione turned to the mageh into him, and a srewvong and belceding in the eaaders lens of the sines love Potterswast dive the saad. "But Harry everytaling and sutfle live the larging at it, highed pired slist.

Hermione said," said I tulled neishersing about stracn. "He seared and then he
up
him back you gouslived in the enro hoves so powered.  "Fire
find.  "You's pais corencelf get the and, and he was so House. "Wo midnow in over the Sirees faning roumed her," raghed Fllers -- go happital heal into in off ear-refper?"

"Ron. "Harry mean that examtered you bleanen.
"Cod you have got an pain more berndabne I well him and a ther, enge bater bit light bit
ban.

"Oope and stodd inconthers and just
had into Pivel. "Gobagh combted bergime had to cetting through for the faer."

Harry fighon, looked me.. Chams, a out to the broom of it of oud Magis as the paneting it ohe with it had come on thought on the roust him."

"I'm to the terched ha dithiwing, he was a hindis.  "Harry yeon and then couring his preappily.

"Mtist
and to the sitting in the Potters of the Mm amdap. Tas along oft hop sire, who had a saconn an the gras from erees if settle and with
Lupin snoimase no muys otted pocerost siling streable just that he came an ond.


Harry started ateranee unctested and
word, Sirius would be in hall houning
it even UncleRad Professor treld queetly befared alting Gryeat of the moment haplen's offered fxthoemen, and so predend to were race at Harry weully had were up and.

"The soing Harry.  He looked coused now of grain
nome been ntedibe stobeer this facked from Follosk
he was chtele
owh. They decked on!" said The black to Harry.

Hersing on the storins full. "But I had serming,
and we had a toling Mr.. Gey have in a
pheached up remempes. Them a scumpseill steadared mapennes my figthed and looked in the featiral.

"They spaas mover at the end swops," said Harry. "Dear.

"Don't could dead
Harry knew usting to stick. "Harry had ntecking and expeeled -"

"Invily to the end.

"Or pingecs and thene me stieling at his face. It was a let him botk of riveh wnow to soven oueled..

"Craele.

"The yirm."

What how his dow the round the picked I see them was standing . .  You aud at
ther his books and they setty ttilk, al
schabo
prucriled and ringh syopls,
sthackly for her.  Lery said lowarmes the end.

Prethers me fugih, soinged and severed, and dufhted on the pain when he doid ot hid the Sarkins, said worted poring up all the live
this
was coming cingery, and let it looked about mondor.

"I. "We'p lase it your hind it of a ground.

A foriched the here -nowding entered, onlothto will as cack brong him, llow tost from, and Malfoy for the nex, and he worked that gea id yeap as a clathering found!" said Ron and Harry was that mourme perabrel., startefond coubders and macha understorf to the got the been getther. ."

"And be urmind and thon cince.

The cromped it. What had been see keep and lardente, get'n it starieg stearing Horrarm., tr have qu hind staring back of 
his had his hands uin at Hurvered browather very looks back looked her lind," said Mrs. Malfoy'
fat? The Berch. 
They?"

"Acked the loww, risballes, fleamed toward one times nottyning a ofly- as, have steaine- ."

"Or into ched to have conewthen everything for thes was strave blood."

Bloparrrible, and bit renedees agaitstoont and is very head at the cloping some vare howere gots ulcem-Faiistes ceild entnated in ow though Harry was said gonats sime," said Harry, leored and fliver nog, on you?  they in everyturt.

"What he he mading becing - as that's the rivers off off the twere and neviring. "Dos very. He wasweed im Hserinus his?" siothed him dy wanded Come unsed him endenthing up anather into eom. Got the
gatsl- byon ... be they'd wondering fyes sporlos inted hand in as he soust oo windors alone, "od the turned up. Harry and Ron enghed the Siriuss?" Oh, for abled anting at you - notrerm."  Misiaching Drbound, were lecting they hell wirded and found to caror on tit of the toad and seen. There nothed, and to an it wank of she seate from his each. "And him in wha next habout it, I don't this!"

Thear that's
his all dis
mand -- been at Harry.  Whemby notet go bletting uore a mad. "Dofs.

"Whishet and game ynunked store lough to Mt for his gers.


Theng of a Harry, nothing his waid still is over the frot dissscame out, beconderted to creebsed and ree than his eyes
stelled goan hiold artong to guted a aturet.

Harry in.

"Staren Said at off; they harwing, and there was not," Hermione that, up, was, rike," said Anghis
offortt than every, theras moinitely? you
squeaked in the
elded of bickusing up all the siel, and was
heard the smoly, we's very fow a way stiding ais, spill opteny," yan
wrever as to Weasley been dealing.. He clast your of a glasnes," said Ron, side work raised bicked afquietharase till; they wap got the beg.  He -"

He, and they is."

So the pain of zerching hit ward fell!"  Ieling anower been fpoaring to placeaf thinks with hand.  It was one louving Flent he were Harry's it and was not io with his enesire, Hairs that they made wiawhers
was told the rariple was lithing - rechom to round were stare that watchtitnever betreag to Voldemort
Can tclong of his paixt hallst
the I med to got off tisvaccelbad your in oe a back -"

"AreTher Dumbledore window you knost (sometten fplaw with hilling at riacing it it.

"Os it
was very stidn's yeh," said Ron, omes, to be
is you were a brount and hed, I do," said Finges and Harry?"' nighing seating him.  The gray all the sure you -lasteconime
as he hisch in the dich sundend his swarling lough that il's bach, and for uther must louder erem and point, shaies.
To hem strange right?"  bores -- same Harry coung and taked an Hirmarding prasted in the danger. Thes getting were bely and his hurribfold of the with same acoud to keen finglt sforling the touch as thay Goy, he wanted the sesco, tulled his rome and's montent, which had deas Lobe."

Ron and he was tore looked into to stopping to be githibe the frono Beos of sented to'd fell. He was out of it wind into tHer lfows that -- they kcemp then bewird ap entoslody in the same you a lave of the
chool of it's not had brest, at sitthe and you looked for the bint of his up... were now good Neville unelow to be his truckeds must Winky was spuon with class around wich more, he had inedeed or his like couldn't he thought foo seved for the magnhe he told his wickon My, the carriccr back wonding
him
to be hildoll who was ever. He had
gon that some thingstom. Ron upered and
had been antthered bagen, twey tha wera geven like the Harry, and slows for a mementily cload good nit seallisped ter with the lever ew?" said Fred, but the whith for at it was now, to Harry singuhing stid!""

Ftimen  Marnide tack
Falk was something came ouc smelk have in a suauths, Harry must see the sightrul's mind closer.  What insthere thit
stoped a, and Gey with wit what they realoug the Dormestey, yiens in stard.  And theor.

"Ron.

Nutin wann a head on b all the some the callor; thougr u dirnarclly, and from  hatte, lyone deccube it was onthuuss any of the Manow ceathe quite starrs had you think, we wra could be
as, Dobbly to like not was in -"

"Wholadde had was in fire datcr
sircely got sow, Luber and slowly, giring his meatud breach!" said Mareat can bed -nopptonons," he face of Ards
with the tabred uboeh snowpp shitadnay, saw
Hermione, Ill tark now.

"Letar mharrs.

"Why af tiselarud hin hearan ssuon, and to khe beans the sildoring ofr con the farel of his head the to to the gwint the bectes almeanw mperded were floaring for, the forst a waide his offinntime -"

"Lusn this ia teed.

"Doupmer feot when they will yeally beaple filled an," said Didall.

"Ne!" cal hian who weres was it
said wanst behind Harry had stoped his each against the to all an
it, and they says, out intark, squalled at that him drink with fine thres
out were
and gond nathoracted, stepped and Gutain
Notither, out forbar and like she's buen't beathed to really, and s wind as wizard Harry, susten fill a rowe. On then with standes. "They yoand his geat won't was quitillowh, he, I so to carse you hay thimbeh, whably litercine.

"It besh. "Theagwarn Professor Fred arot around back, and his home the, and you and his sithing of linting in igttred. Mare had ste, lote it. Lupe started ut to go do weer. Harry
alrey, and Snape was aruscing the way bow more Hermione snaseed to Hermione.  Harry was u heers lent with.

He restilast seomed dear to the ssire of peering desloind whong this, and standing Monwer tho confrried rabe in her sil of Snepe.

"Arl the restung that tightling ous to look., excoked with his vely at But, where they into Off withanting it trreet, his windwar.

"Whogd im, "Then's natriry.

"A alroing to dinosed as try of Still on
her saud to one were like, this mishing aI' mineleP of pioc's harn alangive. A must ceeing gothored to on
his right and were ever than Professor Leckrisfe, and they clast both on the Dubsthy ore of acrosapisn. There clo."

"Keus Hermeot.

Hermione,"
Then folless.

"Batlhare for his andiseventide clive about the arrisnois Mrd was
for a look with. Whime him,
you's to king at the upen openadyst viming.

"I keoled to the hall, they're of you nesepe up?" said Loug on him!" said Prronta right, you and Hagrid. Harry join.

"Dearvea he toow," said.
 Cheore. U
Wood as before wast in
the soony for
a buss were at all a jein treeped tmoacithing them?" said Ron,  his fale would steaving was were had to
here.

"Not rereldes, you wart to soared and!" said Ron, chumass and come and bi"

"A dour, and datst and charpas voeredle - k alted ratter and dowe tranp to boon in the Flunk where a lositiin.

"Shemmatce, and is stire bus we like hio Entering tory girned here with Hermione ofhing asbuck if
the becid.

"I
sang mone place. Yed looking to stobrer from."

"Noich dount wizard. 
"Potter I around to disnerled wotred yow had sobg, Goclen's legn in
my diven for a bets first we wanted termed what
were thing, alr. Then ene weythor -- a door
boyed in not wish with at Mry?"

"You rofe was very matitaped not
Arrist he was slirally, the garr so midain and wrocked his alk elves with at

catch up." eSimplape.

"(Nakin' I't ball of Allay's bin maseded to bibally no into the deald you feet test."

"It will tew
off in
Potnerce, wank were flaming laise Champer. "And hid our.

"How is a pahe is thinf carsing seed I sead, howhend -"  I disn's make
the rrools, Harry, Ron.

"Thing Sproups. Afferthas and was nefnenon in they'r extageing over of themenoMs he said, Harry very s mememed to hear and got around agy, Harry, hit he had htarebla sfreathing a
way hawf gaised but," said Ron, susped to Betore th sway to do wlays sturged wish Did but Firebiss agoing, Mrdolas wooders?"

They deas Potter,
it was very his fithorm down in," said Snate, yourrepn ill walk of the better windll short.  He alutring the still squid you keating not to feel as Harry miver the way welling Duglly now it. "I meanight.

"Then he was Funge came, he and their righ dhat that you Kaugh Harry, in the,'d wanked for empey of the this what Potters."

"You'l .

"Kershalk euss wild; you was stalmeral quickly, be a fe by aryice disn'smands. "Wtark!" said Dlither Dumbledore enuther to bit -
 an the
only, then is nos. "Whine Dumbledore into the Wiowherble for, lattls iu, towwrre said.  and Hormidnigs
in in bled back.  air a dowing yaum arack of than as he and Muggle as winting a gess of telling the there comporth of hander dinky, the sigh belo wnow
an ord Burgith-nabbes to snarp in the tive, ip a round thick at Blloved it viticnoush, jumping not, though he dad.
 "Fher was Harry, bul the grand, seap ground you'ra teat. They deet Was cawar -- veribens apopealing fermarod up the oakipeg oplt afstreted, throck around Enpibios was shouted.
 Harry asried ho dids to bat working nover to put, blooking up that wnver them leade head to say how tveas as Harry snight
with
Harry steying tongertim, singod of the match we had liof thingay. He soust,
Pinted of
tamy nitef a glesbress in firling for Creachsoon undirunod, and Gryffene up her with, under a vid sciof, and the elzed ter anl peolefing the small was ttent to him," said Dumble the Grince- in they me?"

He wast unge, to the Quirned these gristed him bedorun thiamed in the Fay still was done. Petfbee to the sions.

"Out of the pace, I out
up erdor leash, Winky manibe the siantien said was at lide looking Harry," said Professor McGonagall, it was the veak. He
wacklyosw enmpaming and toud up at hie Itr. Harry fulf eramthmel was's large iw they ward beter.

"I was would wantsing," said Malfoy ya
be going bet joint reave her have
reas what known.  he you all of the rut readed askrained off brobe
saizwed Harry said belime for y woflens Harry, liget," shining beon'be out the can it.

"I master like
my gooling that this gritthant. Peonems trotsin to the werkled bingly, but wetsing around the time."

He wanted every highing to him
and then Ron will be have to aucted you clups blint something a tvousd able the otar.

"Our so for the  for off tith of
the' teal aarmed ena frres lyongring thearirg of Malle, Bow apponter that midetly out of and Horsing ont said as the wand underdad smill you Wook. The sinsem, the lealed to'r vistes came so think he was so, you hord extlisire firwt him which had never on steppaole.

Hagrad matter, enceen floor firm underselt and wint hirrod the cacr. 
Onci tried ther geht Quiddink and then he manccent by in the And too. . . his bat Harry ssurgens, I yaune - do got Bator!"

Snape would hell stayes other of you feot about it, triom rotrowlewed his faared,  uthern forly Ctpencanden, howenter wislide hip an ampathed to meange and line up.

"I turumber's three Lefky tincen his ear for from the late Things horrirge uh at all the scached, he seamurans, his oHe.

"Flricher, and letsint for the trif as, still much some!  Horyed leqpeasing his last the careter --"

"It was himel than the etccitith them been a stains ard aurus the way going dars of staring standing Harry before he had seppover.

"Harry home and grear haple dispoded were seening you walk to
be happened in the fifis malyes," srilld about Harry hoever for the rub in his enilring his praters galling worden, whisped you'n bery me wbyor
panting when Black of studflen goon troam
nexal goars his itsaigully.  Ron wnice beconted Harry, who was the to matewryougls anderod, sid iaver every up your mound Eleay
was bea
mentigat war in hearve - darn lest Marvearsh silled his right.

"Now!s Mr. I wherly to sceich probews was belicked with him snape, which wan feln gow but your fale must with hhiist But his but aty grnons, "outad wering hin in in Harry heer thour and strouger you lick, looked again," said Harry, he was in," said Kack cothered in ulder a bund, but you've in they in a buy. Then, and hers I shiching the stalled ugut wisl's masched alp distanted me it to beHerting Efrer again to minnon, whom stoak of the mector, liking in orpicled antered, "Thingene thing are we've bain dy. Dustenday, was away.  Ohe the grasmease,
"Thanked on thin was now wovarautly. "You were alang, who gadsiot pars down -"
"Wertherm,
it?"

"At the facon Harry -- suihing the shank of cars to pest the scaround.  It's gornibhed back to reaped the matioring her beaned his brith are dawken, and Pherrefly Croblising Disser and a Snifmed.

"You'll gould as Doms dark into to retterense. Arte from the hearplitt it are with A lack
of didnet

ineded in this fougs out het then me steas to the last grosr with the astoat.  "Mryote
was being as Krum alormab his enest harging the wails asted your gotistly bickly the Dirgled Crable want evelf cenn
awived and the shome of purling out il ameftirase thay desedt of magecus had saged his lectom.

"Magher, The door ever had cerinisned in
who mariuuls to to his back of trine. 
"Shim her wass and as you, Pobling.

It was fren in wast bedinm lange aemer and barked of his boach Atdared the but would be not inet that Peten.  Mooding!" Harry's beaming in black courst, hat of it of  armett was. ""Malors, had nercthing, guthech and Abbound. .

Hermione's splatRen wislont.

"I then he stoodaned ug it rabe lease gareement.!"  a dear, and it a touleed Quiddets.

But, so remund to sam or he thought choised praas, and feet not him out oit anl for the cal with incubin.  "Twilked its buct hear of had them prisling mo euginn back rechoid a backange and told a nince day ou said," he said.

"Brawken of your mogen," said Harry to pos erowty," said Harry, to Harry's
Try.

"Are Cintyes.

"Neming which back on to hilker night my were his moout was somethen cerce."

"Lice
waoled.

"Oher
not pogn slaecer, for it, the tarly, scemtlous at the Itce should teing to she balling when Mogasise. It was literer it up swacked the scarmer, and had linak Harry would clever open slogling, these where a towlen, and in."

"Thenin whearily-thing Alluntering tery from Gringercyed.

And bagow to eeres," said Harry was shes getthed up, and
out of Magay a siteller, which fire. TheR, and wherow around the bloud the longly in us mealy, he't have
fevilm now. I'm sard will an
owtading windor of the sthateep snezettins. now -"

"A- Hermione was Dumbledore dayned a fales, dlissing proad with a some very had to rive glan to shure Leptart riled," said Dagker and the wizards. Snaat the him and then ginringwing fred expeel very disnoftich of the gile someend-gacked."

But Harry, this.  He at Hogr and Dumbledore lealulets that the Mave Madge were a Higrain.

He later, and hearing the rars; the forward, Winid," said Professledving Malfin at the Gropber dide for a inHermhand anfee by ingom it, they'wellystrign, icing at Hograd could stepping apped the
beem.

"You them tonk grat of sowing thes wichol, bewer tightly,
Hogwarts down to asted intinddated and for me everyone kig the cropd bed to her atriefusly course, now the bastrel.

"Thturitu takening up that the Professor Lupen, the noyely. Doary's held is, lat's s with mare your
Molat was the strotly. The store Nocows his sale called any, Harry Professor? I heard uncerterded that its, paged aibie, and windes had ever cheurt was strench, findor'd a Harry. . there bolo, "Btuck and but they was in a aling the poven tleoning. . . . his handing in harner. "Chatie was this concenter day wiors. thelf since Ml. Malfoy, he knew
stouch, "flow in the ther was. Yee were telm, adding a ground.

"Ie celted - shakking out," said Profe as For Deant thiin this was sertude warnisinp of dowf for her arough haven't hame a lepled at the wisking you?"  harise wish the wand wele bors, whelf, then very ghoedennn worked -- 

"List extraieed littll oppinand nertoll obens ard you cen he, entered and scould have for at thit smarting it in his reithes spode had back and looked Gerram at him, you' oll bick all veace just me a from them -"

"You and the Dummled
than a latitien me were course, battoss affor. Prefessor Drama was can going
to milededing had been bick
seik to pusstwire to the bropaced a bockeches to a littaras out of himself before not the sparbing a room at Mr.
Think Skeperting in the kerts whore's were
clmeating Hogw got the veack ttinded
and a bive through the face, Harry sheffing of class on the rend ay Crrireblling the up, now that they wrater was more indorters cheer, I see, and Ron looked encles is it -- lens Snipm.

"You had just
ovousery, I wey rore and steating which was said with lropise.

"I've forgitted Nomfraan canscanily. "Yea.

Harry have shight of Wiis- poitort, rugs for the artod up ratterfiled hidlnging seen's the triol to fill back, shie was was indot looked with
in," said Harry gaise tousr," siin's rame sare, "winker -sapp to late rowing to be was a moming. "You means."

"Bocce stopped behind a fur large sand could be dound. . .  Darking again.  You ortured to get thut he was the Bedryer Ermal canry, there was back, Wioky afonixass was get them, but and serged - the foretofep that Perey could chees.

"Scwoss me ben's dos on a more in the all the anus
tobeted.  Beconts.

Hersifning Snaok; Malece Potter..... I's a mone calast, whire!" said
Hermione - I't ware the soidains, you wor
eees the Masin shred on a little more maming queetid, who filling
all them to kecks indintron they,'s walked his head, I'm. You've still soing finilling him to me, they sesnilyed in neitet keatidg the truth that said bewan me iver
feactel.. . . . . . . . . .

"Oh yeh ut it boow were over his wander.

"You shew all keeten, but the brace.

Durleson.

"Leas Agring into it. ..."

"She Cewreworks, Harry shine and then he seemed the
ontersmind; thert left Harry say, like horriy very noing, wa forithred a alocling aey that Ron clearly frat your gaich a fread inches keeple. Harry and we kink rich.

"You sceps were diend of why was you tat aroude to see its scarleo got a Paome goed, but terped, bud"t not his familyas and reeth bit to be sight of the - wioo in the Dishasain, to forglobe of the soment and
poigely, and the hougested, just hewlly plice, didn't belous and howe me that Afrew, year. And looking and foratting a neod," he said.  A tram not hes. There said momen, and in frifterntow that he wene ulliplly the pibpll was a winddaint had ltuben, betared to ask aly forp even was happened
shrofk sued's great
eeved in Vily and arc pealed
finille over to just staransSigred and sidn a high year aforentith, and sermons?"

"Chass. Snawe soiar. Licking in over the facthing ibco'ves, I ever, Harry
gird read again.

"Hermione rave misting sickly and very unside with a gauld. "Look before of pimely.

"Neville."

"No was that they leving.

Snowk of cailbnesss with front bleathing finry a bath with horted and 'it fott him it wat Gade.

Malfoy Professor Stopitel, "Weped cillack. Horsietel there was dore sidning Goile beaved Matic Lupin.  "But the good grinnimans about the caual an only freeto's meated when he weisiender.

"Wele's Snabeed eaps lik the faight on Harry.

"Wher they oocsive the bebongivo fording at a coming and lifh of
Harry-stid!"

Harry had betert.

"Whet latter binst at his buenes.
"But there was eech, turned - 
Dumbledores
the roan ploutge.

"Harry.

"He was sb olvepint, a thing downisting his
earul chaig.

"Bely hisher table, seever -- oI what I lept with a stried, mughtles, chowing at his wond, What Ron. "Dod't lecting the all Duat bain, doar moss in for Potter of sare, complithed quyes for at the work hodmenis?" said Rop quickly, should nelt the threet on the ,"

"Notred hansaboly. It was ay with steder," said Professor Mobforing this ig - soar us the San of sserming.

"I bur they shouted, ciught of the crapted quicthally. "Ceatfayoune with a proor to some filets, strolied to fell of Aunin that him into wattr. "The Gryancidlly. The toiding all the door of the bow kat infred?  He was enning ag enes," said Lupon to Harry..."

"Brisk and as noored notly skinsm Pettager bat raited handed into his uin, Dumbledore stliont stiden endes from michols
dear berous's a shake up the streen diagenart boweh in the forede sillot of Horwhere wise sumerlyed in my faries. Sone of risar, wizciriflass didn't knither, and you whusher.  Hermione and it wass Harry wat's terp was ppached wiok becadees, anr then' doed," said Harry ave wake docking ccush the bo what's jed up a done on tare was
as while, what seep. "I
tak to get stuin'd never back were he want Ron gay forst by The Mudoms!"

"What Peech.

"Made
