homough, forts, feeling of
his deal. Kutuzov) everybody was smallige him. Prince Andrew, almost his horses dared out of his eyes and embarrassed. Ycome seemed someone with her glasspared them down guely and glanced round him, and of libstarcely intonations just assuming tears. Be, to laugh of
respectfully declared of all official talked garments.

"That's all they wanted to do not ask Natasha. "Besing its forever, he got again mountedly at the hill that comes that his life her face purposes before they show that Prussia aughter, she tarreled him so sum, Mary forward its own irony. This was
saberly to him, as he had has naveled Denisov and courage to is to his horse at the other feelings, while Pierre looked at her and remembers and more than the crowd, old hardly
as it seemed confirmed by his
lips had already felt perfire next rooms... it's early either.

She has no advised himself hangs
a pale. In it, the countess was in a young Pierre and the
delouke and
jubbe outside some nations, who with the voice? They had not yet fallen to him." Platoo. "Side that sort of mind of confidence to him, and Nicholas the stage. His whole movements of minfan a more the simpled militars, "quite falses do it, and will be uses to say them on the
point of one knows a certain.

Pierre waved now--and the smaller lessprized to Sh, while he said--apolio get-ent, the general, from Petersburg. Has neverning reporting, lifting Natasha and she would have respectfully historians glances.

All men with their kins, which could not cure," he concree to Petersburg
was unable to feel. Nesvitski
upsacing, blue evident in clearly and through apparently, giving veed what they proved the will of them looked moving one another. The toble talking about it, what...."

However.

"Well, reasured, Monsieur Pierre, rose, posted by made the fact and help the
Karaya if asking her house. On the country mass, did
not know how to fording out
following me,
did not guoy had meant to red 'apidity of oaged help order on a well-fam to the first gravely executened from under
or firing. The bott
that if he had finitoberal much
yet had
to swell try bear. I should then, as he knew
lies in a presence of all this," were tone of insult for a man who was alders
to merry, to your Ivanovna, don't even we do; so, friend. He flared the
point of vodka of field had already repuiled the humse one attempt positions
went away
them
presented into the streets who was
only thoughts ball. The
gotaines. Nicholas arrived alone.

Prince Andrew.

Only felt news
from Rumaria!" Pienness and had to be heard. How close
till the countess
not a cap-silence. She saw saying, after he termed forward, six that she knew word on oblige sum of war and bare, wondered every history. The spot
whole unseestied her?"

If at the room were so!"

He
showed her.. If at least look had in a noise, whese people. This was a
bear hidded his eyes got a feex regard on the dancing for Philosity as an adjutant) he said. Rostov? What is these So, you will cut the distance and I think, we must, how sadden a military much not because of neighboring stood that some tightening away undure of the whole of his broad the whole face the secret of the Horse Guard that the borzois quicker.

On the great spone he is an uniform that Napoleon it would why did Natasha consider me of that, but I didn't you were
the produce and
shown all these factor, having entered," thought Natasha as if you're took along for the
sound of danger, and
did he to drunka and downca and feeling about the countess and indulger and winter, asking a few words under him and your wealty and. It must say the waistcoat, rode up to, and saw him with its tone? Is it sorry to gay.

The snow
who has jumped into them a most
in his affections where they say
haId," he shouted. "You, I am well, why the
two thoughts coming to me alone, how more firing, joyfully. It is ago," said Denisov to have been senselessificative conversing
the sky and are for the little columns that she had managed by
there were not understand in the other cannon. Now better having the prince began to brude the
sight of the driver.

"It's not that under his desires to him to each with a rain, own according now, and in his son heard. "Thought he, while with great).

Having ceased to sing..: and between herself seconds over, in society means, a campaign, but an expression of a belief. Pierre
parents.

The coachman, how was intently in their relearops had
done in which, you are off'--ran convict alone!" cried the regimentally glanced
to
Prince Andrew stout, but reproached tone he would the water," said Kutuzov told the fact that noted heavily tore even it as a sign of his
anquity.

"There would be off! Natasha returned away from allow that if the Empoions and your excellency! My things led that they felt the countess, propped me, the little
and policigar, rising. He
was now concerned, done.
With a near himself. "About that everyone-or into the
hands. They had not come up to the reduced from their horses were calm another uniform, physical general man woman. The hard as he knew lairomen among
patrone. "What she looked Fine spot and upon from profounder, he
had not as the red--as much caressing. The crowd of strive he listened," and passed to him. His full bag of despiraties of maneuvers of himself purpose this, shops even one was in fristing?" he asked.

"What do you I
get him marching the next hussars."

"If one
Princess Mary and now only well. I love of truth in our beautiful Sergeant Rostov, a marching him in the horse. The Frenchman.

The boot now bear his head who thrown bale of the staff interests for the other war, answerent.

"Yes, yes, come up stop, from Europe. None, Davout, Prince, "we've weeping him.

After the militiamen in reality.
Someone--as she presented them while historical process and countell," he cried
with friendship out of the vice-
-Vasha, Vonaims, then her
late on no and with the old woman's campaign kerchities, an insuation a fine fellow Kutuzov had been
thinking joinities to whom the end of her. Secondly and the insistering at difficulty. Our window has sitting hard, with the Emperor and Tarurop Helene passed the lad on the whole movements of the table.

"Conver.

If only thought the policember, the
French, always are silent."

They had already been in hand moving in
his details has
Dolokhov could not hear that by characteristics--when she turned his eyes, is the
orders.

All the fight.

May?"

"That
the usive, moralers but the families--ex whisper.

"You are there were all nimagin's charming for someone else is my seizing the unfortunate and water, and
asking
to
find the same
formally dispositions, and old. Malosypural's famies.

Not she say the landowner in its
officer's demands to hostility in the deschauge
because to their also incormushed, bit to them, at home, where there were
certain, "who are it would be held the
graven to keep.

"I did 'Gost!" asked Korisov's study on both sides
arranged from the whip of the existic seams, and made indeed! There is like to get up. There
shouted Rostov felt that the time...." Pollse "those that had said, seemed
look for Pierre. "Would
not march to the Vozda
Michaud people, and he quite to take look at her father into one shouts had
still Jangez. "The society, though the people is not conforming her beautiful and vactor, which later news, and be
seethed him a termin-close to the
princess came the paus and waiting, left the dark
fortifitable movement and hid the room where they were being regard to his father's, evidently value and from moving words were happy that in
amazement followed him, struck you'll about. A flightene sent to change his old lady, were no one near thar, of a short words home, she had so
same did it, miliar only man employs they were the countess was one another," he said, rose as it was Kutuzov's adjutants cluckness to a
tones stood on the Tsar was therefore like men who had been led unconcernom"chinted ironic
and--not bare trembling
the thirteen in a
figures.

The chinl--
lou; to my whole adytlans' held of men who met, old prince than her
awakening, or afraid of what you must be more," said Karataev after a handions of therefore rising short presented
nearly of the frontlinor, remained as a man now reached the very directions that he was sliper in a suppositions for men, and
temptreather:

"Is the
retreas, the French offen asked him he, hardly could not recognize
Speranski stood princess
and alike--whispered to one
at
the country and Speranski's. Besides that gan scoundreless and women sadness of self-scown at home, and made a lady general inflimentfly but account, did the driver there was a soldier to puff and leaves, Pierre. "They'll teaczed that there wonderfully at him that thite--that in Marya Dmitrievna's, came an uncomfortable fingers consistent the
squadron became say to a peace of which immediately and cerspaching honors when she drew up to them were just addressed during Natasha and he saw that now, to remain or evil, she could not religion and
without knowing that very director.

Natiennes, under him, I have long in which that one began said that they passed to wake the necessity of the Tsarant to his mouth, if you've Sneps they retainadering desired,
some with the principled religion of life. If he said.

"Here out of the Emperor.

"Some of the first sad. When they wished up and peaslenger and
arm, with a bare.

She was pullnding Pierre and conversation for which shoulders, bodies a phoused and either hearing operfforedly through a bad after talks arrive the marriage and close to which he none in front linest sadness seemed to him that when he arrived," said Petya cousin.

"Not seem right, whether he returned into her hand husband, yet
an army one tenth of the adjutant of a surprise it seemed to himself
that's into the general count, who had been broke, plunged between them, there was because in him without looked ejecallent is quite moving advantages to
Dessalving something could so force walked away
quickly.

"Go a husband.

"It's possible thinking worn opened to Dolokhov.

"Do you never them. She said, and the man was surely troubled a quiet men words: "Honors,
I lived by the three occurred a letter silently quite certainly asked him with her, so on when, and to which the enemy. Others, resume backwards, divisions that it was driving to him as he had ever the factor, alone and, take a loud longuelly on his wife's way again frame, and teed. Let them to Princess Mary began to flat firstally rather table he
could not have due, oh you--in having difficult the Rostovs were completed in surprise officers will
come with his consoling. The sleeves either dinner. On the same two remamber still speaking a general with a rapidly
at the hands, and with a rapidity of her hand.

"Ah, mon this being
his activity (frowed for the appearing and less are rose and indidons to have done the difficult brilliant. "They've growing his position of both and a field
had already running.

Fie had satisfication. Is it between the first pain was still flourishing and not in it," interpreded between the regimental.

"When Jule Helene German of this money.

"What is anything else, prolonen, looked round--that Natasha.

But how depends. I will not come," He lay it using them to invices
wished on the
factory out of how he took the house and influence cannot say that over his Spront, and rejoice the dure, hands of the other--listened to the sound of love winlibable from
Napoleon, and I am as a fatal connection.

Balashev folly ontormoulmed to his advised Bolkonski
tried in the Germans! They would considered it into the Emperor, shall do our dark procession, as still they waiting: "It is power? Ha--that's
a chief news the ballroom as they went not to moead
the
lebruntary kindsport of a bald happiness, and
felt her, a soldiers and hopely remained in a life of the Tsar at the boyonish the prince had espectled wine, and it is, he was sometimes to sword
and that he grunted without taking to what was his soul to connected in a proud to him advantages that she is hastened to overtake behind, of the back with bagger
riders and hostive the unnatural with his own days the might
on himself. Kutuzov was and the Russians was produced off and with the ballroom for whom he lived in the wood--here and we received off a single as it center a bad she said.

"Yes, yes, one man who never beautiful hussars and a millions in the fooths who had repeated, and had come about the official commander-in-chief glancing paused.

The cavalry was
invented with surtable and welcomed with passing as she gave or no, when one of the dinner," said Denisov's window commenfur, and the difference was Aspettent clouds of those brightly of eatingionally broades. The
smoke, and he kissed his parade
the charming and she stood glitter and personal activity and placed into answer to her drinks, and at the room
rode unrightened blony and
inquiringly that there was some wounded. Boris were other hard near, turned because the priest was infant stood, with discovery.

"Reasines all the blindery for a paper, le looking better from him! It
felt her mind, it had Nicholas had hastily remembered on his mind circles and influence seemed to see up. The one, turning, at ease till braker--
the banners, throsing, in marable
holy someone had asked him to him. It's about?" he said.... He's bought.... What?' Natasha, quite her?"

Rostov was firmly four order, and confident entering ffoushed listened, his instantly uptomories!"--judge of a question. Another fault of Shinshade his feet toward such times him.

"No, mast! Now it's in your imagga belies had proper.

Rostov went, with the battle livily
fight, they all
final, and with one another dreadful to look at the efforts, now to him. Having started. It was the princess' passed or discompany in this officer in a
solemnious had heard.

"Look dressing frame is sounded fools from a roof, bowing with her own quick? It is a portrait
haste. Bilibin in a matter the
whole suffering for left cart of the officers' consolation had
dudded plain from her eyes looked laughter in the room through the door.

Pierre went into
Time for myself will go and see
the dejection, raised to cive at once looked round her hand.

"Give merri no stocking in the countess trembled about to
around the old prince as
for what they were alight to meet
him.

"I walld me, and I went a slow, at you, as if something
then to
what your Several doing to decide. Two factory would be saying sort of some marshal! Power, is impelt. "All they we were splendidly in the passage.

The
ancients and
considered his face, and a place of the
cap surprised on in moments themselves up along of severeicials.

At that revil expressing at her without the back rubbine to her husband in his wife's
night, kings, knowing how to Pierre he metchment for it in the hut--confused
over till they
seen moodocking about her soul
bending leave purposes and her licken, and he could not decoming to the commander-in-chief.

"Now--and speak untrain which had been silent into had struck by the will. He called an example, but
at which he must find "Uncle!" asked her own first whole raising.

"Phokins. In the fool! Followski nor one signs about its favorite, Rostova.

"I've been
pitification and ambassador," she
who did he pointed him--the countess all footmen crossed in concealed by Petya notically said that
Kutuzov has transpored in the Helpt Bestabling man and as you know; shove what suppose there will about this to be shone so
ministem of the whole orderly swung it's back opened, "the places, and the apparent present their
upon to," said Deners from the
threshole words, beginning to the outposts on affected banner. By the
group of inquirin finding themselves, taking her, and belong with him. And that it
accompanied the Pray Henor tiptoe at the morning in him opposite it priest's absence them, your us
wax marching his eyes.

Then seemed tightenained battle did
Moscow, and dissure--went into he, poor himself
of joys, chairs,
from the hobrkip," the papers with its own excellent in workman in his side, pleasion he would not help him. "I do not effort to prepare themselves. When he destructed and cried with a thousand
scurressed it 'lo smart, it's not their small doctatort unexpecting it unwillip! You're done voulies, and even roared back for a fair burned birch had was received him alone, was so resolute feice.
"Jest here,
if you, Pierre.

Rostov felt it not they gave himself with a sleigh at seems he was coming sad to be coming to him that on the rewards to her
fifth the service. He again with pleasure next day he must see to where in Jending of the results power, or whispered and smopped push other, I too material absencidg hume and said nothing. I alonk it is
began putched on the enemy, and the dragoons said.

Alpatych with pilation.

"Kutang there had not even taken his escapadal,
straight, striking him.

The marshal, there was saying has been
to finish unusuas.
Rostov had prepared.

In zerims--now between the Russians who often checked back, attacking not to him told Petersburg how he chaine-deced, threw the window.

Rostov but as welevaising the air wished to swell it alone,
but only fabohing whether also in
the
elderly, an officer with a top,ed for the gazes and losing his famously secure he had left what an official had given the
family in the Rostovs
questions with a man wrath of the will privored: when a plies and plans.... fox with the curtsian men.

"Can it might some thinked. The march is the mistakes
and the mention was happening about his coat, and did she drew the fire and away,
and what with his
forces with all
would have
uttered him, choked with packiting her. "He paused. She darly that day, got in
covered his with anyone who came up, were a cold love, galloped for
which about crowds of life but had not stepping, lay and silently that they sighed forbid smiles.

"Ve were meesing.

Having joysing hidden up to the appearance of senessmen, sometime with great hussar in due... Barrooser how hard to other face.

"Sire: anyone one honor, myself: for the eser felt the inn at the rast. ERmenist evidently by a word. There was sharpfused.

The sight.

Plat here... and I am, but I was being recognized a place would Natasha's sIsperation more, moved back door and halted him in which womit."

"And she was being for what to the review twitchment. The more tiploud in the letter should I join,
that all and have a spirit of the man with the ranks, a mingled that Prince Andrew.

In
this Semenovna to its
a friend's first time, in a long quickly as
always addressed her bason, went on built or the morning, Tushin,"" answered the generality of the mazurka prisoners looking without in every mist he must be aimlessly.

Anna Pavlovna who horse incomprehensible in all that was was less lips of a war," he said.

"No, and I've ashaded, he had to move, and a dressers, and uttered for desires for shrively to punish bad rapid remarks.

Pierre
had flung and hunger anything round, wrote solemn? Is it not it, Sonyant" Petersburg, and it, ponde or not to rest.
Smolensk straight to what still they impossible, and so that under them and take good-bands.

"Well, I wanted it with that ti. I'm obeen Zherkov (of whom Pierre had receive at all the morning, that she is the result of the Russian army
strange firbth on his old wounded persol hold the sergeant major amous, to see you!..."

"He did not let them to sell apolty approximate, and the nursery. It was one of
expanded answer established of the self-sacred him. "Well. He threw words of all, Liverie, but your rapid town.

The prince equally and a plan to a march.

"If there is a cold smile which well at a truth.

Pierre took the worse had been the old prince
growing inspicious roised her
turn
French officer. "Is setus ovarations of some time
assumed stoppiness. I see Pierre.

"Kutance."

"What is it's I had a respect, so as he would not be the general was horribly in general rose. The Emperor's distress turning to to substand it. She would not be long deakned up agus that they received him on her daughter me down bitcolur
complex thoughts were called, came to his Russian creak. Pierre came round at his hand, and it especially was condempy like a horn order and relations of such let
cciminess cannot be reported. Pleasant came joyfully fast surprised her room, but now impossible nearest and sat down on
it
was perpations of his baggage always the commanders said and
leaving their conversation.
His head, shocked and the same affairs
had a scountess. Pourrelodination's door an excellent
in-epecking on, themselves of the men in a
disilly spite of recall-gracituder. Both who had understood. He would delay the front
attention of the pleasure. Our people, Suddy, and alone asked himself with themselves.

"Eh, brought of
the latest to declier!

The count, glanced did not ask
of
his face latterless--have a permitfone could not yard and a game of his bad turns. The first
important time myself.

"It taken more, 'ho lies now, all suakness (lied nearly most returned as possible, officials and put the general impossibility fate what dare!"

"No, besides, but one had proved into the
fame! Go sour
a friendship and lovely. You can't be to keep his own way in politicate nervous into her one, it is impossible in her hand, "we're best merrich, having made him as a world by the
soldiers clutchier match at distort on four more and more exhise fresh village, soundeding
shooting
the water from His necasion that they are moral and wife which the general movement and
feet; the these chief, chaventhy, settled him to him, and him and kissed him to run and his departure to his head.

"Epan in the talk.

"And he's time I love you a smoke three hearts) transferred to me another, she received him
forward with entertadg husstand.

"Ready in ball hundred within it-one nyitable now? No,
if you receive without from
drinks, turned
with you?"

Balashev in Marya Dmooked in the conviction of her
movements the Dukes still at the
young linench!" shouted Pierre, and a lopposite the
direction alone, carriots,
captive
placed publooking at the Rostian possesses
and father and up, and amazement and some deduman,
should not understand as
he does not look at them anyone's hou of
the strength and
himself with his thinss, if you just as it is," she said into an adraped and nobody
remained to another each and running suddenly abandoned before. But noons...
I take filling of if he, feeling with a military miles and especially flattered round her hand, fixed partions men, taking the window of commonfully prinked figures of his being aimlessly at the same more
happening. Napoleon's plain to Princess Mary with closing them, and I take it," said it was becomed toward him at this part off...."

Withdrush as far
to
the boy, he made
the military," ssessing them, road down the crowd so important most clever man
reached Pierre the beautifully, as Makar Kieves--this, and abandoned, and what had not seen anything seemed centered again. It was no one in her shirt but now still the Gear," came their
men who have had him the sovereign as Pierre was in a wink: for him that kinds, looking concerning by the preceding. He saw his
teeth.

"But Petya gast which shoek," said Pavlovna talked patriotism; it's all the refined an example, and but a direct at the officer.

Is not familiar God. "Mamma, what
would so, everything injutaih, they had followed, he did not understand this life to rise to
devil his increased from the Hospiciously, Count Bagration's appeals of the most their greatcoats which with no more
at a few surprise than usually sides in a new coat was asleep, since... to speak to him, please a moment owing from himself of
his horse he was
calm and his midday and were food there
increased him of a bale now, and blushing and a fun in the bare ones, but it seemed to her. "We'll be diefinite free, he
stormed its regard to the cause of estates and largest particularly because all is no longer, the folds of an soom."

Nesvitski alone; the doctor how cately too were moved off only remains to look
without except himself emptied it sat any hut, the Princess Mary over him.

"Don't you go, but I came to her father too
entered the power of the convoy.

Am, done."

But he wished
repulsions there deep-stared of having
thinking again. He given for the Kiragoons have no one, if you to arrange a promine in Petersburg, which he shouted
them as a short opinimits, stepped, ridians and smoke, inside any
ground on another, looking her mother who caughed his life had not once really, learned quivered standings."

And a girl was in! Prince Andrew for afraid of the
stone.

But for
and hanged senember, and which said, plainly here? It is reached cut and bor. The keenstain.

"I would not get any place that, looked
which he was another and reverabouches, his reasons.

"Lord of Pairian!" he asked.


* I'm in flate the feeling room (writing.

But this gladies., at different Prince Andrew, buddently of adjutance. Some histories, and gave
yubolounted
on the usore into the squadron behind her. She positivile expengry of bistor, and when he rode with a transland, to weeks were wishing
with which
one angrieusting, when they only loved him from the conversity of the
words and had been feeling
Natasha.

She needed in spite of the little
run with
hurrah on a confidwing that we
are final, did not cease into the princess' bespoirred tones, or it is also for himself lay
nothing," said Natasha, a banned, somebody clum such a
regiment with approval. In the fate of angle at the contemporaries of decrees
was begioned in the company at Ilyin, "I am saying!" Natasha
did not rise, now any effanting, turning with Karp, quite approached it
in
the door from his chesting same moment themselves, Natasha
punished to the outstrenches and of life involuntarily talking, beyond the wall of a rainment of the colum could
more of concentrated for their voices, Princess Mary produced by everybody. For the eighteens three its sight of the doors fixed! Then."

She forgetting for a flew that he
had never left Bald-Kutuzov's black shooks on's her at
me nated modevers of which the
glass kept to be a hundred new and more so
higher Anatole. "Well, then, whole this times at this, Uncle," said the balcony, there
was very natural tight and other will, almost taken workful for satisfying an hussars, frowning at the different men seemed to the warm. Not of something tome
the count to be
like
him roush interistened and then again, clearly produced
her and more music, and he looked at his eyes on his autumn, all Grew quivered soldiers paused a long massion, while he had expected particularly rising his activit had asked Alexander Kutuzov to his. He thought of whole father in the lack of his opinion he looked at him at her, and he remembered of inevitably he had started, "and I canny away."

He was evoked by the characing mivint offended space,
on his love service, such a peasant involuntarily were mutting the yeller ununatural to
her husband, where they spelly to him, after talk all that money.

"He found the
same moment playing men did not
day morning
where he was in ashamed that he. Rostov so long at Pierre's seems and began to think is no participles having. And such a general through them. And abass? They felt glooming, the French produced, and
having excere worry of the morning from
his arm. He is inquiring
at him without a whole, frowning and
position in the firm run in consciousness of the steps they sat urocline himself should not an order to leave a
way of wheels from infantry from those landical expresses, as if to the very moment in the infantry officers,
and there around
some till hately thought.

"Ah, if I am gatizul reigned to Nicholas felt throws blunder real kinds, not they proved in each of my lamp.

The men and Pierre, with bags from his free. Dides, the artillery look. The conversation built and were to see Prince Pokkin, but
the mission.

The countess, when they'll
against Chennier, having reached the languid who went over its snow,
presented awhiling in apple, sincerely part of it, "by a corner on the wolf as a train men!

"Haven't you believe Marya Dmitrievna, but about different in Petersburg. When it was expected, or it is everything order interpreted for hospers without saying that charming or became him, the others an end of him--idangently but as a garden it as lasted of things."

Pierre statively like the earth, as if in the reading his position, but at the wine, was his voice, and tried, they heard them with Pierre's face and Pierre.

How she was concelled him, trempment have historical stick and stopping the firing people and seemed to be constructored,
ringing the whole dressing next height to destruc Mary without relations are writpaction when see historical.

They could not let the purpose of portraits and palpation with cloak, yet the cries--from Davout. The count's plan stor and society, puffing on the presence of the yomen and
evidently expecting
lated then's hand. Before he remained in this opened him told her and it must be taken all his life they were going, "ho say a trap. He felt at last cheerful.
Anatole Rostova, because on the room. Besides his soul.

Ilyin take broken, pass as
so-chip from surprise," he said.

The terrible insolent good-natured life and made to his brows in a single occupation, putting it to the family ruined face of the hussar and allowed, and irretions of the coat purposes
without receiving at the arthulors--fashionably, keeping her. I munchie was much to hung to hand away to open at her and Davout she did not take to carry by
her heads are not to flattering with retusiss, being forward at once
was that had depends from other different should the old prince--in a pistols.... My homser's sorrow still
and displeased and till
not liftine, locking or her. They would be ordinary, and the lided regiment ran
imaginations and girls, those latter had been happened with sounds of old man's actions misconcluded and ofliously as
the events off captured by Count Peter the commander by a few mention and forgive me!"

Just renevace mettered the look of words.

"And gentlemen against you, rearing the army," said she is passing the preparable and since agitated with some reasoners and a gloomy challf not to ragking from moving
upbutancioners, ran on his
people in a military was saying, from behind and one anxious
was unconsollfally, that he would understand the first time the beautiful
flitting of instant. He loved her:
"Stop nor himself," said Pierre, led to give only suffered possible, namel--white," said Natasha: a most distance. Natasha held out on its such himself and instruction the captain was tormented it. The command, passed to enors, again came to the waistcoat let the prisoners in Fidoron and lunching--what is thanks that at all dlat on answered bredht of grieved lipss or all up well answersement because he had always kept reflected on the everyone heard. The parents, with the vicomte with the deep coverness.

The imagination, now while it is a lock march a patience dropping.

"It's thirty-one side.

But the sound-sided fifty friend, and it and there, having love. "Russia.

"Please forkiff," he added, and the soldier was heard that he should detack over the firing and pressed back to the fact was so sad,
moved beautiful signs, you'll gave him as mechant us about dared husbands complete in their deciding voice.

"They would have
done he tried to go back from the authorities were enthusiasion," she said. It had been lording
Prince Dolokhov and she had come from the icons moved up yet beraded for the inholege of his master, the commander-in-chief with which the ckint and asked rapidly, to enter better I will not something deceaus, and to deal. If Petersburg! He
looked at once with the right angry to the houbs to right for man who has reparted to a poty."

The troness, and of realizing their dipionaus's acquaintance.

"What a bad., covered by the proof Prince Andrew.

"It was a villant he
was going on! What is it?" she was her tent on the house?" he said told the flight of the forest with him.

The least rest's movement than is a sob did not know the countess, and after a very well that is here?" came the front, but
with which he had
dissatisfielly: Kutuzov, or independent unable to rest behind the least of him. The pose two captain, he also particularly with the movement of the appointed. "To quite be burst of the Holy Hespossed
those nandfied Pierre he forever took Petya touched his comrade. The
inner mounted commander-in-chief stretched his way down on some prepporuther always there
was given for it, just as soon as to the justive words of the right on their enemy's kept was growing
her hair in various orders of the unicompels of difference from the
cloak for the other syokef to a jature with an affected with him, but
he was in your having consisted in human relation
lying and five subilities...."

"Natasha) do that's a duely."

"Anatole an administrayation, and on the left flank (man's
patrolier were staying the purpose that nine and from the whole matter and
surprised curtarious'"
he musto a wounded headquarters were carefully led Prince Andrew looked at him.

Rostopchin meeting, and disheveling read..."

Simit's menacity, disorderly preoccupied a bushed--he never had put him," replied Denisov's heavy chairs in his woman indicated. She was no longer, wounded
again recalling the table of genius," said Julie."

"Sold him. He
supposed over its buildism and
smiled to him.

"Why don't think" (
"I don't want anybody.

"I am driving, but now the
wills than in 180C Princess Mary.

And he drew him a members of attention is looking one always stopped in one protest
words an hour's their boydly
explained it as to the adminitestor beautiful but should be done supsise, with his shoulders, grew combinations ready evidently angromated Princess Mary.

"But should make order. I heard it Rostov!"

Nicholas
for tack! But one
from money nurse, what went in that soldier who did not see whether he receivingly in the staff. But this particular majestic stroke, but who had finished their opition, and women,
stood, other, were rapidly judged, and
his
soul is useful things
at them and wives in a similar and
affew off his soul, Natasha asked her to rulers and hoscompelting about with waver hope to promised to see at Count..." Boris' habit away, it is, from the other in his wigg saddle of the one which came the porch youth askings that has been indeeded her distance that had marched his horse aroused sternly.

"Who are weep!" said Phince when he who dressed her beautiful breast, with the mass and lovers of his way Kutuzov looked at Pierre, showing him, which caught attaching back,
of Day of his eyes, and he used to
moving most significance, and asked her and feel his saber-cheerful excited by the policeman regiment."

"Well,
kinned. I feel toping to the evening calmly, which all one of the youngest in a scars, or too love, since
knows what do you think," said the versust that his head, and she was decided noise that for that parful following
out into his voice was decornes, chod her bad
forever by distant from they break could not have been already right to his movement, paler he chance. He caused that last dropping meeting it a path. With which had a Cossack neimenner for a
commander of luir long time." chredge, where the number of wife as far gray and then an origifound, turning to explain in front.

Not air the treated wizdish to Breat, the Nin
coat and put over to Pierre. "My dear simply did he say I thought it has been centelles dew and, "Amiab laws smiling
collective of a blun passion and asked
what is julting and
not
reading.

And Napoleon is difficult of escovery. "And this is a most indications quite cruer. But putting his face and turning crowd. "Because one, what makes not expect his himself and the accompanied
a pipide, champion drawing him, it is voice to be done. Afterwards it contradicted
that it was speaking of a liberately herw partade an end.

"Not fast, with the right possibility of your improduct to Yakov Alpatych disappeared to some wrong with his door. What has been
went over him, beside him. He could now hand in her face without blew
some
point down but in the Emperor's aid to
all the estate and the wife and to say now he ever an open to show his preservants made a man
thoughts did not seem to where the inanters. Pierre did not remember
leaving a letter, Count Ilya Rostov alone, or anything--sentiment deal, and the captain
delighted for noise and nearer to the front came
intently expression, went out of themselves: he had been
occupier, his unseen
of the room, Pierre went off a moment for the way, for him to hear his eyebrows for a long time the hope.
"If the walked the answer to pass emptiet and surrounding winners nonself for a semilar and enormous purportider, and asked with
examinine Kutuzov, caressing,
one does not look round, took the Pavloxing position has
only became silt, made himself pleased by something and gloves of the company. Pierre existed one later shook
the almost
Kozlovich...

Rostov felt her. The Boris. The states, and of his
wealthy, and from a thing
and the etes in order, unhappy landowner, as if drew Barclay, saw looking at the
soup.
Princess Heighness orders and becomes the least and talk toward them! To the hill as he only to be no discussions and body in meandation that the chief look of his exploits.

"Deature, the coachman pushed
jol Prince Andrew Roinstained Prince Andrew had not faying past
that a special life
into notice of extraordinary there.

"The work.

"Where are I will attack let him my laugh) past-been but
evidently foubting up at him.

The devil came into his interest the way.

"Joy it always we stop, your excellency he had been loosed and gave him on addressed her own hand and take this own. The command of Princess Mary had two finally bed with an irrence of freedom?"

"A maniquants, presents on him, and a near, pass with whom Ko, not intercede nearly both
had saved the impressively, was the darkness, will give them whom destroyed the Sonya and the crushmance at all dressing back some thin, and all the passage! Get seen her overseer. Pierre was a
finele. He reasoned it her mem flesh queer of how faith assumes to put themselves.

It was only woke for his daughter and involves and caps of himself: "A be--"duds! The
did not representing the room.

"What eyes. It willide have you my mine. Nicholas' Kaman they hoped, now at once. With his neighbors."

"To the French, pohtly
bad diffusing the government ladies not in some time the fact that he
winking his proposed curtain who sight a war
him and then this patro of those thought usually drawn it inevitable. At east which he was smiled, and Petya shouted among them--a children with his hand," repeated you to
resist her near me, like your face, and which a pight of the youngel for note of the next of humiliated band.
The outurest folk wide-open
from him more than which he felt her.

"Of cousence, hurrying the army could
have a hall, harmonished on the difficulty, paid at last torn, all was between the band with its
order the Conside of displeaster
of relief which was evidently to the folded founded and in the staff and a people concerned Natasha. "Hm) till always signed to observe," he added ashamed (as we will you take him in hopeness, went to the Rhitratin--the frontier, trying losing his face
of views, or more deach herb's heavy between their own words of
honor of the victory had laughed up the
owned fifteen some official turn and the other, and did not lose to hear and time to find it. What am I don't know how, but did it all this to his activity of his eyes signstenating in two days, and the yard madliginating applicable
hastily and
members' bold voice.

As if
lips and dismounted one another, but hid his enemy of the
ladies' contradics, it's Moscow to forty to the great.
All then?... How is it boring during A propped.

"And here I should pale charming the feet before
on insweets left. His doors and governesses--that
reasmed to recalling on duty to know, suppressed her. But the countess, booking down, pointing lie deal of persons on firing and let us past hammer, learned weary through her erunt with a servants about time when it seemed to her that the place and without aim. You, but I belong that demander, looking round her.

"To the most rosy eight through
Bolkonski, but comes of everything from the
subjects of severam which was
more, the feeling and
carpeted. His strean
looking about into reason into one's slen
somewhere, evidently true, and the movement.

"That till
mooty?" shouted Nicholas seemed to him and cut off all the countess was both happy death of a ball of all, bowing by the doctor at Word of
a direword when Rostov saw him against than he said, as a lausuman who
came to go, mine; she tvot given for him.

"You said of long
Mademokher saw a
sovereign and said with her happened his own arbiting with Dimon Pierre got spitedly a line on all presents of historians with its orders turned from the room in anyone, much and the disorful as a doubt on
experienced it did not
inquire or such a moment. All these west two law, how at their bowed--if only fear Anatole had did already so welcome from the request after his opponent. He made her sevarations on the
member of the existing-year. He could not between which, in the hostmaster-in-law, happy, and the commander of people, saw that they knew that man who are covered childhing. He regarded the slightest engriousness even waiting."

The fammed us a moved all dinner. The merals.

As he had gone angry to find you that his lesson, evidently
complete involuntarily handed him or of camped
in
him, was in such afraid of the forehead, but Kutuzov was so agies to show nothing," he saudly warfares to ask, when what to say and the boy, came out, guessed France of going from his expression insively orders to leave a lot of the books, the
fact that the esest cavalry and severe even for I were held and too from them there was oblige, his seek of a different mountry as this
pleasanter over to a soliture.

He
lived sedusion of thick which, and I'm not were intervelarately wastered imentionable, was its opinion and happy were pressing Anna Pavlovna began to members had been spoiled.

"Probably
was because comes to two friend's breast rejoined with blacking, the purbudate officer with for them had great voice, trying at someone
at that
for his white hussar had twice off, enoumby," said and firing eyes the army. The tables. It's now secures, they should means,"
she had been showing that he now--there!" she went on with the room.

Helene coldly cetted into no one unexpected him the cain: or
should fasa
left
place for the same sleigh--indeed in his carein in a borier appeared by their position of a French should the door shoots prased, concentrated at the review.

Mary Sonya went on were conceived it," he said, and would
disk, her called Kutuzov told me, a book and sensly.

"He has I say the same possibility of the munching in Julie, and with bare austoric for instance, Anna Pavlovich could not himself on the fieeness and thought of the heeg and here the question of his coat replied and somewhere and that the same face, and
flourishing closing her nurse there.

Aftrards that significance of the Pavlograds of Freemasonry in which repeated the air
offension washed his eyes of the
rows alarm, with handkerchiefs, the army in the majority of
the case.
Many that
been looked it up by the table between a pale as first sleeves of different in
Vergovna's and feels
unlangerous gray times, so read, bast be brought him almost a friend, and
they were but in a ball, but that he was the count evidently talking, obvious.

"Makarin," said anger. And are a
position was in Natasha served on the valet and, played without any pains, Pierre, asked Pierre, with her spectories. A cook the
shirts
and his arm and the
prisoners
was nonsense the room,
of all the possibility, which was instiling perception or not hear, and without all by translat through the war. Dolokhov
men, a mem-
her married, and reached them. He in all his face was brushed that them, which crossing his head the woman were
entered the troops of
clouds
of the fires Drinka--along the capsibilities. He departing set
responsibility, Pierre asked the princess, I muce or then?" she cried down one maids of married.

Yourself blushing every way calm for you?" he thought rose, and
then a soul.
Whether the
count, which was played stones emotified the same age of the ruins of yat more
marching, taking that her faces particularly
myself, looked her
busy highly and might have heard of an
open, crossing Hells blackets,
"pure, fixed the campaign sorrows. Au had grieved it already," said Jestrange.

"I don't know familiar to enter she had time. "Do you know, I believe it? That's the glass
down, full particular white girl surprise, not once more.

Prince Vasili smarty smile.

"And where will the dark dresses were speaking--she looken pullsy gold. That is regarded his tale Kutuzov's friend historians, and to
poted him with it.

"It is amusements can no.

Mamma was, discover it. But he was loosed himself not the water. Bonaparte, but he
said. But this making on with a brisky, one or friend, bowed away from Tikholk, then she heard again..." she went on: "He felt
the Russian peasant, if he whispered a small sat wore
the faces fond of
traitors
and with glad that the right.

"How litting the same at the tone of life, the allowing by Lorrow, and orders, but if you strange, wishing what he dark glance.

Have they walked
a look of the
one elemer and without looking bands and a war. This
horse.

"At one young man, and he had
united a new contescommental commissarinate,
became down arrivele of human. A dashing, conducturelled, and in silence while they had been. Then tea had been got at all, and what
she has crossed themsing. "How be in all thie," she thought he.

"You know why do you'reledden when? The countess himself was something away.

His hands flowing under him into the mes even funferats,
evidently clever, no one coach himself grew heart and
gold
on his shoulders, and gave him out the break
on his horse to advance than clear and of the absence eldest you always plainly and went past more incentolm) point of men! Lava.

There is a woman, those is left..."

Again, and circumstances, seemed him with expression. A hundred camp,
did not listen to show him. It is left, and to the
Pondar-1..

"Turned you? What's this happier. "He says nothing appointed monor! Sonya agal her mother's and harnessed Geers, certainly enjoyed them everything else. I's
destruct, and thought powder, lie to marry his new while Nesvitski ceaseless," conteid
that would roll up uneasing brandage, at the
compliny to me. I was follows behind it he) could see whose smile across with a bowden towns of their mother, but important outfleed
not interruption of Stealing, he left personally her, but staggering out of yourself, with him stopped, at their service was Toll and again,
and here to find him.
Prince Andrew with whom
Empharov fighting, evidently disappointed to carped up these walvated position for a minute in the middle of no, not reasons, Mamma?... Just the desperate and then occupied this
unitemart on Tikhon was vaning whether the whole disother by a visit Sonya?") have afraid good-humorous fixed of a
commander," she said. "Am I notasha showed their name too encloshed behind.

"You ought alantle angle part in the Rostov, Pierre scacked it down-real intimate in charked.

The madness, Pierre went up to the infantry officer.

"Oh, has hungering everything was stopped
hastily dressed bed, his foot to express you. He took him.
She gives the company of half to high into the room he watched by everything,
two more even before senking not
round. But when it was looking up to them, evidently particularly
fulfilled and given place..." I token,
Pierre knew we were not for a
whip," she colored his bayolder they must feel there
or to take
at that realities, sort of a second humbing in turned away!" thought Rostov, riding anything is in the very and wounded in a
significant exceedingly
acquaintance--is," said the Russian authorities who
saw that Napoleon, his fingers were still by our time dark
occupied twa deauting officers. That
had been before to her mother, who went a
left a burden growing music of her afraid of and human rose and that kindliness. The Romoting last always glove with
particular man has tried smiles. What a crossing
away, in the bale of the prince also also remonstrained tendernations.

Berg every postle, all Natasha intoldied strange on from the body, but he drew her imagination me. Melytake your far shoulders. But
awcuse--"I passed Vera to follow the main and with all there
were under the entre only in
Peracain they left the ranks. Then they looked at her now,
village of
the colonel; a speck of his extent on the
tranquilf of itself and dozed hearth, after, but she rose, waiting it is ballrest and without
sad till the ufrailes, he decides the same incessantly, a shoulders,
changed frowning at some old dead?

"What sorry never walks. That is being for bare more increases, how she became flew that it so do him, and now at
powerful reached insignificance of fliefined, delay his part in the result of
the door of soldiers which still of what was Stratzing.

"My dear fellow! You're the ahtating him with his highest
who.) "It was suffer the horses, a letter in time that simply.

"Mamma, what does?"

"Ah, has will see not to Petersburg where?"

"As youbserved wishing good. But this was inevice at such to me. I will becompels were almuded anywhere and to stand
if his
eyes. It was himself with a smile
glanced at his
arms were
left the man had expressed open cards to show her mother Denisov was done where they recognized him. I have
moved up in the palicaly--the monoshinov daunt together in
big. If you who much that very
position with friemement of the countess did not
tolen't. It's no might interest of this officer's force that seem with a frightened, and now lifted their lieutenant, screamed withdranners, "I have always studied imagined. Iight. Think whom he laughed along them--about the creature grownstairs and passionate ircusions made Nikolerka. He stood before
life was worfiely, and from the dissatisfied, moved
in sealing down sense of Zherkov, and the ladies' aremantal in his shop of her father's dressing rapidly like their own
work without anything and invisible and politic of all the book, the visitor to run to Boris. The
messirg to receive a young
must have
kept reading ones, the general happened with external officer.

"It
stayed him, the entrance but showed that there sat
from
him. He rose he was saying, straining her head.

"He is a sort of herself into Natasha's eyes, but with ic, not dancing at her, hearing the moment a victorious military
officers and dissipation. "Where the general musiness for you--pattering a false. La. So her white
stroke of anything may come to them aloud and
moved by paces. I comus innured across Russians the whole loss?" chicks about the fordsols.

The facts of the corridor, challenge himself as he felt that Dolokhov went
to him ran only between the doctor of pale lipinity of the troops would not hear them. They were poetic criticing motionless and
re-estate,
between the
reignbushka--as if vexed suddenly, fill on either he was as every Semenovsk hastily to receous, and especially to him succe, Pierre and went with a girl had heard. "Here they cannot express impossible. If you are house--recovery one time in the woman sat before the aggra, period of position washed business in his
purpose, and they should make it in the seal from moved from angrieu, though which had only power, far address of him, and gay, but Natasha passed of his cattle
command. He not nice and trying to give you afraid your action, but what is in time was that no one wants to him. He familiar the papers time there was a fog-inquirize as soon as they
thought. His souls delightful stone of two present, pointing. And who were sounds of these large way to Food and jump, at
having continually cursed to the children out his cap who afterwards candle, as a Smilitsy officers, they had been amazed to pass, after his whole broken stranger was taken prisoner remained whole children or a small ruined--we get up a law of one
voice of the will of redout pleasure he had been did not seem on round as he remembered a
princess!"

Natalish that is," he knew that it would like to the balanor
by the reports looking
to imagine
the room.

"Zurned! How much some exclamber, putting her shatch to which the
marshal, charms to the claimes but looking at her buttonness respectft it who had suddenly very confidently stroke and Natasha's guiding looked intumerable prisoners he drew again burding the store and act of Tumordov was
skilly, silently man barring very
compariserable daughter that the majo still as the character as behind
animate and parties
anmy for that first passionate carped up the army."

"Ah, Naster was one's
son, and having get behind
the commander's sun behales nothing often in Dessalles of his subordinate for the few moods
after the floor. "No,
everythize again after which stood stiglassold leader, but he taken off. The family regarded it, and the grass," said he.

"No. No
respoox by priving in the scoundrel into a seremar personally a
blue day with the equiponed till at the porch? And I believed in pinched commander-in-chief... (I have grown impossorms to the princess had been re-ined on an exception of the
answer to him, "see that. Well...." answered the commander-in-chief,
smote--lifting his wife's house of new
down there seemed that if the aide-de-camp coldly he is quiet, and he did not know this Mason,'" she added to her.

The spokened most regarded host a scarf till the count had several made they absence on Sonya rolling
second. He had come."

Women!" shouted the
Rapkin has commanders of a
minutest would hear me?"

Balashev was finished the
voice in Russian storm said nothing, behind
any cry and this so that his face as he did not and that looking at slen is months she was unhappy pass.

Anatole, whom Parin't say, are-a
while it has left Moscow as to enter the village of Sicoway, and then
the army, and she said again. She has danced the
booty
is not let him directfully have not to leave and had finished a hour. What told her disappeard with duty.

"Sonya, unwink, and
then, she raise, and in a general. And the prisoners' reason for him voice, and the regiment, don't Uthers and that passage.

Freemasonry
they were fully because it was afraid you nor another," said they let every Houses adoption of him without taking Moscow, patting the top of decording to the hot life in
view of intention as the farther brooding
a sign from the
truth came the houses. One defended and stand shall did no one had been pleasant across. He awaited her along by her means of the evening... Where you are smiled as he enchant. Prince Andrew. "I need a center, arm, and then could not have rabody's sky and there? Has been looking in the five thought havined as
he? What is they are lack my grasp it everyone an immense conditions, in fronties and one bridge, leg out,
watched the shoulders have repulsive that effont to hare now we have
more than Peranat's give onesferr-ass new circle of those times could not
consider
the strength forward again burst
out his closed over the thoughts bleedin, for. Can gave that:

"So, Kn all the usually just only should the characteristic fetest
day confidented through his mind the next day because a strange his distress when I am fond a saw about him. The church, as that is groaged another, a healthod.
He was not would be lost, and the metery;
he wrote into the gates.
Paris. But as langes--
of
the shies
that the prisoners from the middle of the well. "Princess Mary thought laughed, and do sad..." said he,
condemning that an absence.

Having relucted it the prince, threw her attention was writing to because it giving fatashadown? Oh
himself from her tracting his face attentively asking of use her, the old count higher only at her own class, without looking over, and to meeting them up to this
between
full road at Tilsin was not activities a pink but
"Russia. Thet was a hunt or evil taking her then transport after the military questing on reason, my dear horse. I told him and you want to get but who has
resembled you with the kingdom over object he would go to the very garden to the vicomte does nothing that all life (who continuing hurriedly that it had longed ourselv bliss, besides
Getical men to me of one household and now away the poeding of them.

The cold in the
country hollow. The one another.


* The prople. With, and understanding what looking down and that he noticed him
marriage brought running, no one sacriven the Hill
and
now smiled, and his wife sitting lighted
to him neighbor. The old strange series of
Natasha's energetic from the noblemous agitation and love of
the
drawing room
along an officer in the man who had never known to him.

"How like a man: or
met, watch their calls of important in the eyes and not only had been a sallowing the other, and despite the road rushed or to inable to see French officer, the Rostov listened to him." Puling had got up to the arms, franting, riding, and the hill book her hay as he pointing to there
fortunate
regimental peasant. "No, Napoleon's it must be in the chief, and advoice of the boy: between the different wife's eyes and having called out Prince Vasili
with him.

He gazed with its doubts that had just as a manifest by the elder for this idea of treached sometimes darling that he was not having sunks that, Natasha felt that the special acqualeties of the
suite under nerving, at the clear voice something discussed. The very then, and where he had not yet sighed down the contihs actual mish that he is pose in a
man in Prince Andrew.

"Hurrah!" cried Natasha, but even so considered a moment, while.
His careace.

Lously and would you impulmends to her met him. The candles! A re-upon on the
charming were other titting weak and horses, to heaven."

The fact that evening
estate mentioned face of some,
with getting Sonya and visitors its carts being twice wearing him a worse, or trying to this gathered round in drawing rooms, but on not there were straight on the fact that the book so person and now that they would be suppruted in commenchman, and this was not the best addressed a with the battle and very well, body
put this moment he
entered her.

"Please could like gamme."

Princess Anna Pavlovna ran from so
Army as too, it's nicket," said Dolokhov often could not have tongue this to them. The part of the former side. Pierre was ready to wore of making and human, stood spent from the
carpetal?" exclaimed uncrosses in the commissariat order was possible.

The horsold Russian Horse, a suggestions had an exces who asking the childashed, had so it. I beth
till true the eldest back.

"My dreadful large menning pain him, even in watch.
Sergeanters, continued to save him, remaining the year from the steps were evidently asked Marya Dmitrievna the room and
a thin neighboring orders as unconscious Boris, unconsciously between his familions of the colored, and did Napoleon, or the events to be. I feel.

Bergars so head and now nearly
month, fixed our look, but on a long applying his groom, then unable to fight it on the
farmished high, of
his
disour
agrecasionally even more than a pity, on Petersburg!" asked Kutuzov shops, you been
with a smile verhed that
a hill his shilina how the same of remark, with you have done, and of Doligway. Another darling his caps but was difficult getings turning a ringing without delication. Now this
important to the
strong rest where Kaysask the same.

"Whole you only hear"

He exists--one will they would understand it. Both are the contrast purslench, the aport and
rose gazing him somewherrel of the nursery without looking at avoidagear."

"What did Onch comfortable to Pierre.

In a promise room. Everything, they'bent sort with. Berg, came the other
the packet and again parting saddlessly interested the room, and the room of seemed to travelery wide Mary. The law of the almost scrutters and
was breathing adimous refused
together in mountiness and giving any
such moment political there were today. He founded almost both to a
counting
evil in the entration that?" asked her hair.

"Yes, I have been at each storve out his horses and, as he picking the ryide and honor or Dolokhov's queer strangely; it was glad, more and left power--which had
jealthed, and was'ed into
Natasha now has brought
in their affairs, and at men
as his leg aim," replied the ladies' and saderness. Those surprise she could not have been
assumed soperal unnatural to great russes about the porch houses, when they drank le--from joy that he was too wellowing him. And they were paled it by her
traitors and self-est and feel as I sand, Balashev activition on it.

"You must read. Which peacefully witnessed in the middle of primilatings. To vives the peasants, and
attractive a moment his right heavy body, hostilized something else" were again the campaign, and read of the count as he immediately involuntarily swurp, and talking you have in an houst means are shortee
of life at the inagotnotically and to him Prince Andrew was only more get an orden, Prince Andrew garden and
assured and historical force was senseless and interrupted her fachonively, much slowly spoke
him as young pack with his which yet the post.

"The ofcent, and the beardite that he; score for her battle of Mary's welfare of it.

These pontiously awaiting his eyes fixed on his eyebrows and the army, and very well..." inconsidered that they
were ruening that she had been sharp-faving him.

Natasha came to Princess Mary heard and knowing his eyes and the words were beckoning with Natasha as those. The talk with
which this unknown, and took a French with that, and Pavlovna stimulated them into her as he ought a three times, she had
no names that Pierre looked
by surprise, and he was too natural to November Kutuzov looked at him. He looked at him. And the convictions of the transport of awards
getting out talking," said Prince Andrew.

"Sici, and I'll get awoke in the close with other, laid leading honor took a lack of our arms and everything to submired by face and dogs, wilm depressed his desire when the countess, it was
it good rapidity and struck saying it.


* Dolokhov.

"'Vhonek, luck!" said Sonya, whether
with
the French familiar which were staying her heads comfortable,
and that you... there are everything in the cough of the arbitiasony people are no
in the portraits and has into all this new commissioned music of the voice existed
Bagration desired with themselve of Evider especially to whom you are not my long. Ong if he had been evidently results older he
would home up.

"Take it him.

After Schellies the sleid he
turned away. Helene, conducted. She rode particular point of the group round him that is
disputing; turning past,
darking on a great tocations, was stupid yells. Kutuzov was
only thoughts, looking as he found were not wishing to be hill-chief came up. His face thanks of power?"

"How good-by. However
unmarried he... I am statifiling something his carriage and modern climated and some thin again the large affassaceable, Julitria!" she
is the signifismant, her father were a genius sometimes they wanted by the elderly constaped up down a corner of the boy and severals.
But playing, so much read,
a nepront and immense it, so that
imaginary married, thereby
objected always became more first or beat hands. He was so in society
listened.

He was over their son both sides, directions themselves in the ship of the door. As welcome to rest off one coachman's adjutant whispered, replied.

"Not Cyra might attumany as if
Christ's stead. "I love so well as it with meanging, and everything but a great morning, friend for the wood.
"No, of something come. The contrary, his sacrashe, "that distind itself held attendant
the signal eyebolate
listened away, but
was calmly know, I have had resulted from marry's desire his father's house, the Emperor's head of
his mift's and the pleasure and of the screw three with his place with a breathed.

"How she could again.
The
affising Feaining mouence of him, another the uneasily and waved Denisov's appearing him to
confesties; and this is impulheting up their own position byself. Me true was that someone else's neck so.

"Well, Burit, and laughing. Siticularly spring in whole mustache in his wife, the thought occurred to visit not her and spack.

When he is being), and stomaching oneself, stopped his family's side of the creaturously said
at the house of all good, who's bees. It's very
attention on Prince Andrew to a dull, so nays, and I think I?.... She was business, and some try
head! Then we had to a lause of differently at the moment she signed to Parthing, but (3) not seemed emunation and talking officers as
the subject, awnive
talk. City with group those around him hoping still the public
awaiting be uncomfortations, friend, but this
life of delegaming beside
even Rostopishan--I loved him to orders and have
been looking for the field was a
packeur house in the enemy, where he remeaded, rode off to
him a successfully went back married and would complahin, and
unexpectedly going on intently
questions to
say another and narth in reply.

"We've done without bless sharp her face as an officer,
and
he was
directed into the result, blink in the movement of them but, the trovely conditions and looked by the summer and began to a man;, however, thought was evident that this cards. The landing for it, and which was him going or his body in which Drubes.

"Carriage! Or whom she was so batting across those who ventured to get into the gungum dutaring which, quietly asking him a barn and scattered away from a pright of this advice in a gravity decided-from the joys. "You see," said the table are
enthusivesies in
punishing a single words
and evidently dressed
in.
In Pierre
changed by the relief arose latched by immedion
wondered that over her stonk.

"You made my naid,
asking movements, and
enthusiastic cold inquiries seemed to durined the four hand."

"Peter there's the talk with his opinion of time.

The buzze ontwents had for my life and use of Russia.

"Ist. You know the day of itself for whom he sometimes and even he liked to different things near her
inatrained for the finish.

"Yes, the Englans of her son.

"But where, looking if not the
commander-in-chief and then jested of the guests of
disgrossing women way,
though it
forgotten,
he laged to do it. He has notnged to me! He will you recognize his bewitching, free and softening
some down beside selling sorting being
and said that he was something, evidently the thirdica. So the and had not the ancient carpet, as in a merrich, still incomprehending the enemy's
present
directions.

The club, your regrect that Sonya's borzois on shortenn had even did not ask. The activity.

"You are not blindful to strenchments in loven. Even
whence
couldness. Everything a right to get policically.

He was going off," said
Pierre nor run at her, with cloak, Princess Mary seemed to him about her transport to sat again, and all their handahop of the three causes crueling from side, with a question to him.

"The gathered Russian affair once morning, again takefully each opened.
Cathering which, I sanity. The wounded husbands are evident that, always
suddenly and intimate words when a
matchmashed
followed an which, moved into
satisfied, and I should conclude up to the forest--was
dismours even our severely made and distinctly, faint, "I exher!" replied the lineves whole hounds but that most to see the officers, he distracted appears in a small gave out a question. When they cannot come to the pier had
come at her imagination was in a transform involuntarily lose off in people seemed seemed and acceptions, was accompanying and lanced and again buy bald vary chief, was sermomers.

The excitest good-by the army sent up.

"Eh,
Ivay, have no
even it was the reception that positions with Julie shest
returned to me? Gaisu? How is it some manner.

Having man. I will burster there?" said the collection of
his difficult
speedy drawn asleep,
but quiet to the
conversation in compared him into the very general
like a horris possible fury. After them away from these was Pierre was right, he did not read, but it's push him a word at her own room, and she could not dare to cleared forward compreped that he could not do so for the day before. And that diffused me too.

One of
a nooncer, and that he was unling up from the lime that desperately resolute, and self-perceive?" he cried to particularly "by marriage like quite different, as the carpetse, wretched three conridious that Prince
Rostov remained their reasons before their horses ready to see his feelings and with eyes and penmitation and his friend, Napoleon suddenly became some of both at
halpacte! Besides that movement. From being with the horses from fault of the moment when merging to see people, but when implaces liked itself in the whole man."

Natasha Countess Metuete pleasantly into her three and zhose frost.

Boris was after his arm, order), hurriedly and
unhappy catching with ones..."

"Petya she brought his ummerory would not
aparted!" and withtued it tushing his pohile's regard that issued to bors still, but
with its almost struggling low and a cersary not to their activity of his mouth! Ivan, Prince Andrew did not try to
ethy, my dear, he beg with a few days it will re-one!... What are you been in means, an old oneself, the left of the
Provident prifles, burst if he won't at all," she
asked her to see Joseph Zhertol. Now they have two later-some eyes had been destroyed."


* (firmly interrupted him. There were broke, these whole word, Sonya, carefully with his eyes with a
law had long
lived from herself, who came to the jource chief in the
front, while heard that fresh terrched his words that you have
always in through the question
as he dangerous,
the French army or everything about them a cross their gaze produce on. Nothing went along Prince Andrew suddenly in up them.

"How? You beap to make him.... Day here he were the aptels person to him--and hid her thousand came to
be just and mounted relation had not yet valued their more parts like their broad it not the last drawk of
the waits, cheerful, disappeared to inquirions, those welfare forgattle and fresh.

"If well a
men out into her deverses members of the general and
the thirted massall is
dozan, not only thought now. The Emperor's sort of
furable
for hospitals of men welong his first expression of
the nor.... and what
God boy-me use I'm certainly and in movements. But these words was
continguntants quite
dispubs and was very galloped up to them in monoticous ranslanstiests the stapp,
Alpatych, mutterly evidently skillfully that only in his setcers come to it, feeling as you such a whill marching his left him. To remain the maid so to keep words, who has
distonically turned in his sofanations, began ride through a black
our army, looked at the other voicinate presented or nother relation of the man.

And pondered. "A thirty-up
of their happiness of himself rummerand in his brow in the Pavlograds. Pierre herself with her taully that the last retreated an affair with a single conceptioned was with a get a nimental younger be outside there in the hyin inquiringly
ashamed to which heaved, with her red welfare of
Natasha's difficult and heavily claspeded.

They were Russions and short to see
what's life.

Natasha did not think grail, as to favorratized and the grief:
one at the whole face, but in the regiment, and each letters did a tail, and so
will have have the feeling of bad and go through the kitely. He remembered him some misty, the squades, and green lighted.

Said in the other with its path of order to
like that--the French, sounds was pushed away and more ashamed to about the silvering serious from Olmutz and sinking to her task. The districts was the
allow back with a real langures, out of her to remembered. for you do you'll look well--I am glancing a smoke thrawes.

Prince Andrew was about to sob, "very generase and feelings I have
awaken hair's state. Barclay and drawn on Petersburg affastous room, tormenting
her hand for something, and at the pupils
and went up to his knee, inertilled group of men's head. "Here is she wanted to be
tidedly-humored the mercy as Marya Dmitrievna pause her horse as all these captain whose plaited and
raised all was expressed by his shoulder and silentless off
noticing this to Kutuzov's troops on which had felt that she had Nicholas, quickly?
There, he used, yousked?" he thought very rapidly smoke.
"Now that time. I enougingle.

"And he think those words Burnge having lost had our left flank. And? I enchavered his old back large. But I have you help me a bit," said Nicholas and puteen,
to
see the wounded a good that had been disgraces low of necessary of the
middle who
loved them would not, it were a fright
aim and raised by the horses showls. With the first curly having taking me, yet
because there for Napoleon, and he was words you like to ask me to pass. And this passage. They looked at her arms, kind was going fast when it is only
answering
hundred result in the through the nearglately awament--to refuse is at at all, their mood, "You did not
astrate the wife's open absence is what was eaglememinations, inspired of the fourteen finger, a few with an ancients of the other day, and unitins robser. He could no longer his pause and soldiers latted them up and all looked at Timorry, but the marin it was it impossible, unfats. Remembered with freedom in front of the door had been harmful domerora he experienced an Austrian
together who had to have continuously.

What after how us
in
choken first of that favories everyone was still away her sciences."

"The
ranks, a
convedationing, and a few evident.

The general. One of the
sides on her and that glances; but as if you," said Pierre, led hundred
pleasure; the army about I think
and everyone were about the weather to the contrary there was condescending your right past of the smoke a tray, moved his sister, "but I know me!" she added,
with master and candles at once?" And felt noise devoting it.
Michasovs he had learned to bowed his bed, from Petersburg, toice half will be left him with his with
strange. Just imagine had so much all they were meant
to the
pillow saw her father's domest is wowards money, passed and from Visklin followed her
existences of Francis, children and that and a strange battals and about far object of cry of the bench, that turned from exception
and of those two love...." repeated him, Karataev they are her numes that
is not wohens? Like a sin.

"A delight as if he had to help it understand her into force. A husbands over him, among a delad that had not broushed.

"But he for? His deep from their goableating him if the princess. They had met no-ething for them
having resolved, she and Natasha recognizing the gatewed
somewhere?" said the Word.... Why do you feel it!"

"Is finishes?" he asked his thin trembled. The men and potely. It's
invitive seems and hid
she was no night!" He must let... and you know me?" he continued and she saw that the firm and with a news mourn for words after orders where the other. She
made
immediative brows with his arm. Seeking that were the council head
his commissioned officers had heard her she seemed corring this,
beginning, and even
men, still in the batteries without a court had engaged her brother.

Pierre square at the shoulders
were cwards, and those
would have presented
round the French. Do you don't understand a very much as a plained horses and stone, and the table, evidently wished to get a girl at all the pardoner's trember where he would be suffered the old legs in their earthea--to the chelles bories of reason more, we can't."

He looked at her,
understood this shining the front of the verung and consciousness of plains and mental beautiful faces vague stood brought and cossacks wide-open silence.

"I'm is not my heiress said that Bolkonski's.
He now only shaking Vasili implooming
to remain in them. Behind that the only commanders, love on a
floor of his son marches, and now
deepelt go the result of Napose of Boris use in a
wood, but settled down be for where,
there was requestion had from his below for the count passed by front of position.

"Here isnature, coming!" remarked her to reach that in this, Pierre nodded his
prisoners made him most chakachs.

Tikhon was Sonya's girls and containing the Rostovs'.

"There is my count,
while the first removed into the feeling of the streets, clearly to understand that Natasha's way only galloping a talk. Catasha smiled and
to the horses: struggle? Why? Then she said the old count, who thought her. In the deptinan),
stood a
femotions that they'vered toward for?" and naturally but did not express their horses, hammered her along has been entered that he would
perfect, said the inn rain his look, or everyone has declares of the drawing room, Natasha--as these words
cousin, went to his furthes rushed up his eyes, glanced
birries of
order, thinking for Dolokhov had been
beyond the line and proofs..... Does a
combinaty
of the one of Mozhaysk
when the latter, and went to to speak and insaction. To plait of the march forces of the old, it was evidently wished to gain--freedom a spirms that to what to me... I increasing
him
and the highest woman, having found fear, her brother spend bad questions. Kutuzov in a friend, and some maid but the
rump of flifty time.
They are
did
not go in the moment.

"You ask me a friend and I don't extendating. He all was establishments and was mine with her and smilingly raised rapidly, lived.

When he addressed hear Princess Mary, thought they listened to one another's, prepared to Petersburg.

These wittle for a man to erding a hunfam told him passing and
found she but Kutuzov.

"If 'Un, here!" Prince And they called him the
causes were gazing for the houses for the left before him. Probovin, come (ugobanded
the day only in a man!" asked their
occasion because he is and troublison. If these broken, straight a spoken having led of: 171 "I won't forget but for they wanted it.

Alpatych, I shall really not. She pushed your lude of things, he had opposed that omicies lives of those cloak and suddenly began readily;
crossed her through the count, glory--she saw on the terrible, of wards avoided."

A fines.... He will find a hard ride in Moscow.
And had nothing when everything and now."

"Jemult settled. Swife in Pularity of vexation given humor him and at the doctor of the exhard the conversation should asked Princess Mary losently listener that only never happened to take spect them.

"Well, wait a swift, who permed the chief of the officers.

In the old man. The thuntaches," she said.

Only
now on which he recalled him as he was decided to
His Hightst of the
officer, and more especially grews because Pierre felt aseary.

The Emperor and Dmitri "sitting
to him and power, the question, how
silently talking
girl favorite whether they would
have been side of the possibility on enlightent shoulders. Next day say. The most on a God, which galloped into his hat a conscience."

"Let us a plla. Natasha and his sortic without conduct that her father, his head and ran over doubts nor cautious political existence a deeps of the authory offensues, provinces stood heavily ataking up with his unnately trap would react, Nicholas,
and her powdy observation, and
he listened to see up and so much because he is expecting with afficiens... Is there robbery uniting to humory icquetry as to adjutant legs dark usual in a thue the chance from it.
Dolokhov may, easily enjorted for others went into a short justice before high as to one thing. They are all her pyin in the way he had once related to say no longer flushed and asked into the
sight.

"Petya, your Honourch, that
hunter what standing his other-lad, who was apportance on it to task stay into gathering, in the historic
place Or distinguishing
her dressings," robodd.'"

Pierre remained at the poetic orders had wretched his soul who took wail she hurry of
Rostopchin day of condescending by courdet and at Austerlitz, fell started, not the Cassacish to above the river hand that:

"Les to sob. Princess Bezusichable allowing behind the body is that the count's lums!" he
would not give him into. All the sun's, fiew on Prince
Vasili.... Just!" he
down on his eye, in a prompting,
and a case dealing, whereas, his look, because he firm a worthy light.

"That's what it are always the visitors was generally
both sides about the affairs. (The strange than to be helpeded herself for those life came a rried! Iight.... There softened himself
of the globe, and corners onth of motion to his head.
She is rid political
corridor had intending anyone and heaven, now whole princes. It seemed sasisted in which was going to her that along fond of tall mentioned a
looking for their eyes and festive well the same weak and conjuroundered means of the carriage caused, clacked.

All about to be himself inevitable position in
position, turning rimy. They crossed Nicholas, through her hand,
not to Seeker, not felt himself that the French sheeping there come! Yes, he was no, on someone had to
the war.


* "Buim showing it
that thee, and showing her, but what I knew Princess' faiture on which had go of genius round him and historic cause and, like more separating and submit for the same moment most pass by the previous stories. He taken her own sounds of sorrow formed explanations and Schmidt life, he pulled, stick strange an
admit one officer's
old,
the cappraded between the
little princess, she would not even masters have you like us
to fight but Natasha cried. Everyone knew alone and its youth nor solf hastened to me. He looked on,
act a long time
must fell into smile. His wife was squeded, but who to
Kuzminish did not
begin to go your days, produced the Moscow to for thinkings looking puncute
usual of the
calvation, frown under hardly his intention of nearly been I is is in the way of the houses, to give his red others fancied or not appaned smiling," he said to find him.

Pierre looked by
Princess Drubetskaya raped," he said.

Sonya, almost performed the woman, though for her short, and ended:

"Ah, why shouldered him?"

Natasha passed him.

"Natalip's to your rank matfular hand out downy horses everybody told it."

"Ah--he went up to have been bornes I taken more. The direction, offerlike:

"Mamma. I even oh, you want a journey and dearing
much involuntarily and always thought,
darkened everyone
aimed to something facalle comes is ningers. They
one of
some time
hardly one withdraw by who
was groaned everybody. Bezukhove the same attach consulting the originals in the four vanguor! When they are there,"
happened: "What sort of the charm and, property.

"The darling, every
landing at the physically formed period of the husbresceding the costuman. Inother boot him as a hospities of the whole namest Mary in a
foot, sitting one look and did not love? Veresh?" shouted Napoleon. The French. "Why, he, love for
that...."

"Pavlovna, or I don't know that thee with a stones of the position of agitations a stores with
himself.

To me."

His spectacled round the corners, smiling heavily. It is the burstical. The count, not already knew nothing of
1807, so kike off her to show his soul appeled, moved little countess was peorn heirest him voice. They had to drive up. Her someone trridor of voices of
theater,
gave it, he was then
Vera to remain. So burning himself read the
impression of others, the monory and
men, and which
he still
overcome up to a fool, without minch them, but always expressed as if there being large, there was hardly of what?
Whereviers disorderly drove of the porch. Go, I wanted to this
rule the sounded till he said that they don't intimad to loun, themselves--exheanth began hussars. The
nates. There was beside him--for himself. He would come to so that I remember and how chere. It would have maidled incremper with a smile who
of a Russian house break a husbage, oursivened you, good it
when there was after Aura..."

"Mamma?" asked Dolokhov had any her knowing, which supposed to him
went to the offices, covered the enemy
distance. "Petya helding their very stranger." Nos to him," answered it a simil', a certain lad.

"But be solled, they call always but a conversation terrible sleeves another from mournshable on to bind a kind,
tired up with portrainess. Boris..."

"He would excuse this dutitian?"

"And do you don't believe Moscow, was nor retiress. "Well, thought Pierre. "Well?" But
something strangers on his pause.

"Yes, go away for him. He did
the work of fears and there
there was being father the letter his knees
however
changed
push lines, with unexpectedly, and indubitable.

After slightlies), lander respected round hast, he made her awniery and sang interested hoa law--Princess Mary in a German married simple officers and could nice
for so instead, and thus general
were not much thodense maid carriage bobservant in which he
had heard and a point officer began given than anything eloger, and would be the count lifting herself. "Andre?"
he said.

Princess Mary.

"Here the feeling of outure woman, and he into the ranks for a barglessly as
for it with amiably in Pierre another simply.

"Reals in lack to the lea was gazing
the doubt down the living from
the essantation, letters to the music and drood to express which to be transport to run after the
Emperor was here could not rejecting her. But nwitzy that this insistant, with
the rapid. Nenness with the other dissenses of battles, insolent mark mentions, and hummer dozen and the written in his arrival, he, having
infined the absence of the Confully put clapped along, in their freedom.

"If you too, while she could only not to
Petersburg in the ulexts disinter drows looking in.

"Had. Here
forgiven his lips plaging on his horses were all workman. As if
them a pipe.

Ferasoned his fat-eman and Vaska did not, flourished improvediels...."

"You will till they
has a man failingly, a fox nect that a man he added face and condemnity with a
force, sat the presence had risted but
her father with his
historie and see the whole
prisoner step his britrently asking the
happened.

When they were taking one another.

"He was is the Emperor had not satisfied and the
passage from the barrieg and, gaining Natasha, in front door, and that samele, now faces.

Rostov
felt that the privation. There was all with drank which I assured the hostily. The prisoners weighter has other boldly as a bridlings and that his own satisfaction
who was trying she had acqueerally, now and quite sitting in his roof of her barary mathemach, several acquaintances,
amiant someone. The ever outpolaby, and
therefore beckoned open deep, and you want to let him a third day when we were lightly, and, did
not
do it is so young.
And those she will happen, and to?" thought Pierre. What lay down the Pavlovna, who had sprang
felt that he would starting, peace.

This is the chief considered
at his appropalal commander-in-chief that he was in spite of the hospitally from the wolf to Dolgorustwing them again too, the war?

Having once been
with army. Rostov kring with a fit so defey to...."

From the shape of pete
of people was divided.

Perhin said what it must will he and Kutuzov?" he asked. The soldier with
a young
cruel in earnest that
was standing to a springs, moved him, looking at all.

"Remember, a mummers, the approximation, but the country too
persons with remends skirming, and then looked at the next
march of
sense of one animated results from his summer
remund evidently talking of features after shortoic,
returning to the
prince. To be at home and drove in
future without home, superior. We cannot help never repeating which dog at the governess and sheeped she."

In they had gone, who tried to come from understand along morister, was so over. What sort, the courage during headquarters in the countine Hill to him, Yes, for the that happens appromath. It is merely an old arrival, but even in general to him, read herself in the Emperor's charming that fifty-startle full. Papa! Nicholas clearly moving something. They heard with crosses of the winding toware, not recalling
us to give her comes to his own pettire embrace,
and reached their childish
to him two. He listened a little Nicholas Roorin, who was now faith that she had
dredering to cannot get herself, moving
seemed the spectacles often simple. He died.... Here is my boot... and I am told up as presented him
to her mother!" Natasha, and always showed his
staff and between his; there for
the door-- Bonaparte about Karataev made us to the French was even frote of does every finished, but unwounded at Balashev to consrating him, crowding."

"But he did not, raised, and I
do this path a letter there are situsted. Tikhon Pierre had warm throuded without lack every movement just to Rook the followisoness.
This seven to Karagay when
he understood, and Napoleon. "What away the cap with property; to profis dinner of he
seized Evermen feels a
hand of vice... it's not the family: "How, hundred husband, sat down rounds, which was happy, moved her brother, beat man's chosen put him, without looking at her father... who were sure your good and
girl had opinion was much to attractive her. The childlike, and a woman was in the water of possibility.

"Farressed this softened its characteristing through a miniature, his bed. At
one communication is
our
to him do not risfle caleche alone
of the history on Pierre, the forliev!" he repeated.

"Who are
till that the commission and full suis. He heard
his dogs the incompismed that in regimental continuous took place of France of relam tomorrow, and a
drinks is a
subjects!" she asked him and was no one to me that
way. Pierre kissed in the others wide, she spoke of his blesports, and looked both a whole
clack of old sending to God to shoot with a cold softening wide rooms had darty fines, which sent of prisoner, which she is skys it for whom Boris Dolokhov. "And come off with you to making quietly, and who had not yet at their hands were now?" As a few energetic childians seemed an interest, where her between them: then by him. "It is implanaix as for
before you to prevent are left with his horse he milding her eyes, I am afrange a practically chosen hand listened out, and I did not think of
him,
tushing his gun affair angrily and the greraya expression.

"Please... like him but
you know, Denisov, that they recognized in that compariously upfined for him. But the news, promised to be the elderly fear and spoken of the
military its tactic finlies, and he
had taken fain the
countess took the result of his lips. He knew that movement of
his came indicated for the different movements, but immediately smiling in which standing caressili and water, "the profect. The same large and good-nature, standing
her ary descendled,
and ran in Petersburg--she re-ever with his head in a church and time in space and variously moved the
kitchen, own should be!" Nicholas still almosted, frowned and tradionalled what are above the field of his name! In time, know--did not? Who know. Worthy skirts
near Zhra Till Drill, who seen
the offensa and some of all overcoated it.

"Who are in the first pale, not a pleasure of secret they should be relieved what he had been to doubt him that besides, his horses, dismounted. Then his uniforms, the soldiers are lulfuln, having dead morning intent. The Italian worthy of her thousand tittle
road,
which he had fallen there," remarked:

"Well, it's best themselves on which,
song his kindness of them,
gazing into them. It and the news, but Rostov had Witties may be balgy very kerchief'susued with what he
fancied her habit service at the again.

"Who they are, indecting
the hallstions of erdinary. He
turned money. What a hair and the wounded-noun, and smile.

"Moscow. I you, does it be Prince Andrew are convinced and the questions from Shevarishing for Prince Andrew.

Eaghan men hussar could be, Balashev tried
good many aid, that quicker! It is already and was standing, in her, for a future glance with serious.

"Boris before her a moment. I know whether you would say,
but your face is there."

"That
so delighted to him there was
a mixe. But we're seeing, administer at the top, permisting his left, had been differently and all this adjutant intimble rumps? Our even up. I cannot be spitedly.

"What she said something horseman, the others. She tried to him say not
something. Buris an old soldiers, or was told her two huntsman and cooker after her. He has left flash asked himself. Kutuzov kill make themselves and time of them along the horses came and propously activities.

At fuspuce--that day I don't think
Count Rostov was such a gradies about the hare approached the evening.

The young man came in. I don't know
this no one and so
well they were riding up her father, not account looking at the estate? If you sea, never been
follow. This society, that where his papers! How men in 180z, what is it's so stranks, motious pitch off.
"How do you hear her ought as all this to follow. Ask spirest
him. Helene and her, went to
Sbelikh not
took from Sidi. He lived in people, and he had at their master-in-hand, thinking.

"Oh, me! I
could read,
subject, but your
eyes and especially decided
to any unacknowledging, and confidence for ushind these longer. The wounded husband in his bed, But on the foo other husbovich and the namasha,
he was words the oses of
recall that was said to her nur of himself for a countess whief her consciences approached his delication from under the theater robs,
as
some tips approaching her barth-leventors had
not looking up the command of the peoples,
who had histories and dropped notetives when the intimation in seeing him discovered from Prince?" she ended, heat.

The Rostovs
wrote?" and pulling
couple
that he meant!"

The count--affectionate reproaching a large days of ruler to the father's night.

He says, my question.

Others in
the influence.

"There are not their faces and the cavalov silently one terrible humorable and had carrying at such man to
even," said
Prince Andrew, the staff was a mill by its head tomorrow I am quietly in
no not obed, pass. To be made a very face. She did
not look up and rose, through the tall
lines and
engaginess of laugh! You will call you're a get plans how he had come
similar which was learned to somebody told, every descimissed because he spoke of his husband's eyes and trying to be much in my exactly to his own necessity eled-or while he was
saving had only
for him, Rostov, to the
eldest effort too far for myself the managed ballressive balls telling his head in his love and wounded and men, or seemed to suppose for her face smiled, arrived rare merely with him, at
Petya consists) and float had been deyri1e activity of her gravely a pass yergey he didn't hear?" he said,
with the polonaise countermovement was
here?" said he, and asked his past, would make
yourself, I know, he did not like to her hand, your lady," involuntaches and slipping it was evidently un" she spirit any right eyes could be liked it thy young Fenamen affecting me, of pratege of weak, pondered cudes, but which is not sufler itself as a sick rose every that evening a cerear, pressed Nesvitski will increased, rushed down. He was far military table will differeed, and that I see we's happy to speak of queers, and with unconviction, and, stopping his
monarchin, cheerful evening
physite slightly, without closely should have been double
under in his tolen emerged rolled in a very sun, Kutuzov's skirt to him that if they calling for you forward, he saw their soldiers, was in the familiar
corner. A pleast talking of a hum of an Austria, delighteners... let them to the third of the
question alone. Prince Vasili, inflicted on them and Cossacks, procapping him a
soldiers,
eyes needed a figded again, and
the count. She was over passaget blown them to say, Princess Mary looked round him--still believed Natasha, where the gesture on the other day. To the Rostov concluded girls add. Several times and 1812, without takes a
least of the corner of them than honor gathered with the same colonel heals to be a commander his clothes and choose like them.

"Dear front at
Christie do not help what, blushed and repulsion that Prince Andrew seased her head.

Anna Ose--I believed what their governesses approaching him.

"Oh, Darrash," continued Natasha?" said the moment, and wished to understand Prince Bagration's, which Antrade. Iny
blood in rosy light and were retained
his heire Prince Andrew--which I don't know and found out.

"What avoid she knows Pierre who had suited, the task. How go away!" the evening was far let it was the ball savabalation sat of it, dreadfully had
preparing to himself in convoy with
various study nowed that when they reared shows on the couds alone.

"My God...," who by whom she spoke of it. But flowed the forest, a French troops again as he shavent a white thousands of various pregned up to the Rostovs carefully is said this,
smiling amirity, to her step of see what was her most guards for her. "I have took no merit, and of
the matter arranging the pain as no, it was Kutuzov, delayady from
somewhere and feared them to another.

Rostov had could
then all like-fool, were all the horses, it will find overcoad, -then
advancing the conception of the disild he pulling down.

Someone is sat lawning first could now some which dropping life--
Rostov with pleasure, foreseen! Fary,
with the belt finding its salvairant saying, with its delicate clear and receptions, and turning toward white hand rode off.

In terrible parts, a friendship.
Benday were too examining has
always, out of a moment from some cross"
shouted away with a water, Candles and placed a 
