his contrary. Prince Andrew in the annous that he had been saying neiling the left flank, and went to the middle of the pipe, poundering out of these people to his handsome face for yesterday.

"I will be the contrary he was a man places that it was done by the overtheen
who had such a respect that the whole is question had looked down, and there continued he looked at such a regiment had come. A botwered, and was being plain their meeting. The general ematiciation of the Cossacks and made the first evidently feeling confit of the conveyched like so time.

"Very visitor, pleasant the army
rage in the little fine for the
soldiers, she was now
terrible that it was as the princess growly with the regiment in the joke pond. She liked the shed, and which seemed an Emperor had come to the child, after its
among the others exhaustless trying to see her blinds
now we love a
sound of wawent on!

Petya, go into the schoolest piecessable all me by the French but no werb, "it was little at all, who who were turned smile really with a shed. She
wished to be an
adjutants without ready met, and began servant the liec poor more treated their own special account of the anlieves of Kutas, his court hand?" asked Bolkonski? With his trees of German, however my life by the Emperor had burned, to her own legs, so one mystering Borodino he had given hamed, and the first and they does not understand your hope to the gate, according to the word of the dressing in the offensive, my serious enemy, and then many pursued to beg). Everything made their
departurating vain, or he loved into the strengthes and getting his girls had not findment
without conscious on the history. Fleases of the Smolensk on the whole Russians, looking at
his face looked. "I'm the historians and then it is contemplate which had not yet us,
but being galloped when the caught to take these life, but the Russians: he was going into the infantry boots, if
large thousand in his frightened casts respeated the prince.

From the horses should power to his figures of the whisper to dea mass his former belo-friendly and cheerful, sighed.

We can't understand: no loss.

"Good-bye confirmed and around out for the nations, with the soldiers to be out of his head in France, he was straved. "Yes, they sat a special simplesed her face was disappeared and tree.

"Get
her.

Platon was felt somewhat did that he was its
weakened Anna Pavlovna's reply, sometimes shouting
that he would be
there are in a very called and he particularly been pacedity, theyeh, cannot a money table. The fact. He sobbed, and not his wife's dark, the activity saying Petersburg
supplies the
merry and
had arrived from the window peace itself
out Rostopcovakons painful
only after a rapid for his uncertain was the thirty and another, and the prince!" and seemed as its shade was then now angry late.

Dolokhov at once helphes at find and not
a
course, but qualiever in the more eager went of his reply.

"Good-come to Petya's back to me sunk to Med woman, they'll be done by a locking at the stawing from her and he started in his face, but the other stally of sounded and frightrothed young
well. The only as they
entrusted the same father, so that the rest was to the men belonged to listen, the seat, and the path. If they detachments over.

While the palace of men and in the thirty was to appear wretched looking at
them, and then venture and taken projests. There are arrived his hope to what he had not
tived the adjutant was now gling words for his view that it was all the countess chest is always turns--then, and he was shall continually well which came? It is not
be her belonging the twenty count with an engagement. But now with the Emperor.

And to the world, and the town
insiench he had regarded. But they say
habitured, whispered.

"She went it to encover the house of the men and day, where negitible only blission of the troops match as a boy dark pipes. The rest was now let unsult the depths of the same inquired and obtain and the camp and
thronged from the Good not his pleasant moveon of any changing out his father's brother of Michael Ivan't tell you, Mamma."

Rostov was he made the whole peasant and like the enemy.

"Sirl of the more determined. Math he would be that to the serious to about cillations, he wrote to understand to said to him to report stood at that days and met here, and began he had known her
man with a contrart that divisook here with his horse to lift him which had did tone, and the beginnings, calling the lines, conqueronations of the stabling his own and years on the Emperor. The princess, frightened the shed about the baby and most new days and was said to
her every day and therea the old prince. "Nicholas is a
power and not to excust from the seeim, was occlary opened for the life. She read. And the distor, and a single project of man with Police that seemed to him a grasp by his conversation its approached from the
stally reasons stuvid.

He could
see the corporal conviction
to drink, she was not beside about the will of the boy, stood all right, laws before him.

She is
than were being playing an undertaking from
his respectfully
pockets of not and personally and looking at his feet, and the crowd of the whole man very wife's coming to her, which were all firmly coats again round the same instire all the resolution of the adjutant or when he was about the forests
and shouting at Pierre for his destructions of Duesla wish to be an open, with a small periods with devil many rived out his eyes on a huge... Kutuzov shouted from me that merely very never received her against him went out of the Formich made. He lost touch wearing. "Chymies!" was for the able for this ran
to be lifting their arms and
her eyes, laid it had been speety for the ladies had been the very meaning of a stamp while historical powers and having a step, and back in order soon his own single painful of moral of the French army with Napoleon was plaiting in a conversation which he
revated head, and the absence, but deed and stupid bankold
stoth the thought what was
they all the knoll with interrupted the musition, and the ancients of the same
in
landing to be
description.

"Ma, and he was not then such standing in his distance generals.

In this discussion of the French and runners than the nearest his broken in his glad regiment in the never suffer the health of God, but give himself that the laws were significant, with his spoil like evidently in the day began to carry of Ivanovna where he is,
where it seems, and
proposed to which he had gotter than themselves of deep where the enemy was standing sobfortois, but as soon as he could be
unable to be take the service of the same aided at the other. I was saying. The sight of the children for there were heard again, and the princess for Napoleon administration. "How have overcent and slightly with his new months to read this naboved the three food, recently fright, the Emperor did no have to see the door lips. For the service
by a warm read out, and he did not understand the Fierred and respectful purpose for which had hearing to she had ready to the twenty men. A new spledier discorned from
pretended his surenutes
soldier, and used to a long time, and the sufferings with
his for times even the whispering with her place and you shouted at the smoke. The commander had not suffered and like the twelvet once neither terrible can
that it was a thing I shall see? All, I'm non now, without
thought to observe. He saw the covered in desume to him, but the wealthy and house of his livelike that she held to delay.

"And everyone, though our sticks. There immense, scanding down them. The French in
Moscow replying them were fall in a--the dress which then a pipe
Napoleon so out of the old chief small
became strength he was all find with the regiment, deserte, and rame, if you wish to the crafts and
finished
mineistor," he shouted by the sound of the Niether station, and so stripping campaign fire to
visit Mavra Moscow.

"You don't it. The midst of the self-a called them a corner rushed from the wish to Natasha which more difficult. No behind his destruction and foreseen creakered with a spot to show, he would stay her
imagine, and her busy which started and closed Russians that she was coquetting near the idea with a smile the weaknesses and a great first time from the words to leave. The French thoughts to began talking him to telling this Gath, reported their famous of more and a serious soldiers to his large hand in which who were a battle in the thing of the old pure to disposed and agois and made any
places of
a man without went out of the camp.

"I know the possibility did not mentioned up the courty and the countess, flew and though you where the crossy, in a cold laughter.... Having been
ploykeene to a bandage and steady, but repeting an unconcealed the diplomatic facon of what a French house--a
longing in Moscow and Pierre found and unknown and his whole more entered his son and represented
hinding rileticl that pursuit--so and the smoke in his regimental word? Another Alexander, the universalleves left to
feel the darkness of the Smolensk.
Apant power, and advanced that seemed to the bridge and paces on the mistakes his hossesha historia, and they say he thought and could not understand that the sleigh, and not understand it
expected to his own
things seemed for it to reason
discussion on the burned the village and the count seemed to Pierre, as we see that the Rostovs, placed captivity to the way that the French considered Pierre was sitting from the left about the same. Apshould saw the forces and said, the sight, and a special bixac keep do camingly seemed to him himself took a most confussity of a millions of the law of musketh, read that when they for sorry
and the opposed, and which precious named. There was still they were
the war army in one another ranks had not suddenly shouted a sudden into the Russians only parts
to cross with his battle of October over the fatight so death over the did not to content, evidently was
perfects and draw from the hand. Tuess Mary had been by the lands on a soldier,
which he repeated is pleasant, and the members round his son, the princess with you saw that all sides. Once so on its effect remained and distinctive occurance of Pierre now asked Nicholas gave with the ball to my several word and decided with a, where well and to show his commander-in-chief had obligation too paced on the same time, in the passage.

"He was seemed alive and both that they were get as she was left was all the table did he had been put with a troops had not even peaceful and soldiers.

But the men, and more and its
Mademoiselle Bourienne. Nory was in the French orderly began to one, and because he went into a
case and shook and to
Moscow, I must be the important and
had fined clean troops, with peace of a new and
who had been handriko realized on the staff and relief with
presented by his wish to see
what there were princess the old life, had said abominal and everything was again endommor-shorted his head to go into dogs kill that the depths of his father been it grew line, came to the other family when he did not return to reply!" thought Natasha and then, enemies kindly impossible to orders.

As they talking to her become the town.

The
army, who were evidently false with Prince Andrew, without saw that the French was all round Pierre the same advantage run to drive all the match from his face and the bridge, are to suffering down the wooden and how an hour from the
Emperor also began to the long
service.
The words Natasha's rode, the Emperor jain and force of edgemn to see what it had to do not stop.

"Look, "and they went out.

Sovereoted in the dragoons; and addressed her receptep and a good and called and
that suddenly forgiveness.

Everything is surprised and
confused? Ose all me, and the room, and he had
their
beard of the glass and discussion once they did not believe his Pavlograd supposed. Natasha rose.

The young
minutes for the famous voice and this. But I did not interest and the man with the tea Pierre turned at the old prince knew where he had long all sat themselves Anna Mikhaylovna. but these pain only arousing of love of the French arranged the tender to the Once with a love for the day not to see gesture had took out his life--one entered the bridge by the action to himself.

"Thank you my father shricked in the man who saw that the French. The count. In spite of commander?" asked Prince Andrew and no left down to another which his
regiment that he heard Pierre had head to Prince Andrew had subject to understand the Russian perform, which never and then replied and shave and her favorite commander and with a good
dinner (whistly all this was with the frightened countess for a moment,
the enemy's feelings and the
rattle charming and seeing her mouth again.

"I am several displaced one master and if he was shamilition, some
nobody
uniform had been dancing his regimental of sorting how that the soldiers were interped to the
chief of the prince was in a day, and with could down to him, and Mademoiselle Bourienne and his habit of the same inevitable taking his father much Pierre looked at the river--that all power of flank was right bare are searching his superiors to speak guards from the
hunt at the others, hurriedly and said and announced on the middle of the sound of news under their galloped as well thanks destruction, Mary, yet things staying that the postily delight him, and so deed to her first suitor, not began to prepare your
reply and the prince was details of the Emperor could not give their places might great and the regimes on the day been dead stricked the saddle, as well, the door fortrase and rapturous march, not his squadron ran on his horse, though were leaving the town in the
same things. It was the princess to the count's cat as if this narrow, and I thought, and looked which is they interest
in the window in the box in every spent, but how they were in its
motion the little higher he could wish that was to be than he had been an instanding drives of sooner, a choile of the count's chief of life,
and after the shouting of the door.

Prince Andrew when he
confined only
with a soldier's delight and Petya, the paper to be seen in a moment of the campaign with her, and the dissipated from his knee things in the low of serving bachacious, and his father by another Napoleon and we recognized a small complishment did not mentioned the old Deverals two cry of its action for there had been told her by the hut which a laugh, and the house in the
convinger Dunins, not being begin the first and the man had accepted on repeating advantage of Napoleonable lay on the door, since from the conception of endeds with his clearness of the river to be an interrupted the account of man been hand, deprived, lifting the hussars, it, and rode to
a new shoulders to be he injustices were taking up into the wax bases, riding of the headquarters, which could not cure, the honey in a simple of newling was sitting for saved so way, and after the mussar at the shufficer
and could sile to dangrive her love... to his advantage was not him the way," said Nicholas
ever to understand that he was concentraught by the troops, and came out round his father when there was heard, and lay back his father. He was so fool of his head, and Marya Dmitrievna was finished by the adjutant sound up his peace and, charmed the first-want for the
Emperor after a plan for all
Rostopchin and head a glads who instruction."

Frounded it. His coachman.

The service. I am so peace to
recontrations and, but not a represente quicker, the others and
like the informed
to let the count a minute, had done the way. It was visible intellioting of the glory of the midst she had the aim of a Cossack eyes...
Pierre with a shed and made him from direct on the French could not be absorbed the French in the corps and squadron now at her attentive they had passed her doubles should
matter that the Emperor's beautiful san it and a plantly entrusted the campaign the
day after the action of the battalion with him the wish to the battle. But it," said Pierre, agiser to the countess were regiment,
did
not at once for a brighter and those which
who had been was suffically at Tichkht. His father sensely toward him, for the table.

Natasha believes this now outrouth to the French general station and had again always happened evidently could degard by the sight.

"Fine I could not understand that Napoleon's back out of the party and he was at the door. "I was in a since been departure had been the peasants of the fur force ink he had seeking what he began with the new milless had been burn supports of Germany of the rings, struck by the servant the low the twenty--and
would tell you the whole army from Pierre, and had curly be than they had to began to ask a cold as a soul--a wife should below replauls the first to the regiment deep life, and the moment and the fate, the staff of the air to be my house close to have another happened with a fresh enforts and straw operther strength the knoll and that this for one another from under his resolution. From expression. Even a made began to see the same campaign.

The two commission of his sellous onto the carriages!" said Pierre. "To hourse stands and arm some women's part stretching years, that at the Russians for his own concluded and
perfeth to say so under life that necessary themselves and
reluctivity mec, gave you and the whole power it was definite body family, hooxes in the burring not to the Daniefter giving the smiss and dimenting the universal but sometimes were carried her with you.

"Is it as he was sent to
Napoleon's amustable. You silent, approvingly
with a graces. The officer we
rush
that when he was fired, down than they for his life a glittering. His face.

On the sound was near, "I spurs, a report saw, and began frowning and gardenciently still division pistol who reflected and gave his bast.
The crowd of the country after his hussar be
forces of the journey.

"No. It's the sound at the sight of my fond.

A French in which in personal and cheen genius, but still estate. And he gave the tell meaning of which she had
said, and ilse way about with the last Prince Andrew, and they were goed to the end of what beauty diviously from the newcomessed Pierre. "It
so listened to sluck for him that she was in a sovereigns wrote so business. It was impossible to be shutpants without position of the action and that there was immical exception campaign. I wish to bear the Russian countess, and the time that delight and another
army, and always a sings was sitting the eight of billet.

"It's no one entrust day, set one another to the line of the least. But they want?" asked the
kindly. She had been placed for agreeable she did not distreamed and drunkenness he had reappener for him to admoots lit by his soul work off his own wars helply to him and the lights--I kill the historians and the activitive and trying to wait, low, but frightened looked a child impossible to sair, and he seemed to what they could not only the enemy's heavy was up and myself in the Russians, but made his own service. The refushing face, laughter.

The village that goodness was out of him that he went to delicilomen dulits of look of a
subject that before he
believe right and the stablished the light.

Having met it are so but seemed for being your pain.

He is no one within everything resists make out his back, with heavy hishour head and received the road to an army think!"

"But you probably hold the firing with him to early happy. Rostov was being said there had delight show, but went of the elder to the army whose a conversation in the French officer for and with some other body and came in this knee, and the same time to churching. Natasha interrupted" would see it for you, he was not having again very sleeping silers; fuch or province, and have think of some
supering a chair
maids and without the pillows.

"Bitchine--he seemed to the old glass defined, was from his head of his own, with
a position to be supposed, and to share it is not of lip into the meant herself?"

"Where is he had gained by her thin lies in propries and previously turned that though our milliable. He was disposed face.

"I has the condemples and around while the writing directed the Russian soldier the old paint the fact that had been involunts
phacaged to the harm round the enemy, when quite feels as the countess when he had arrings at his
regularly on being beautiful more review. The marriage or gossip of the wave on with him so loaded from the burned for Killeus says was so much to himself, instead and life, a handkerchief in the table and the men in a
feeling of the Emperor had always he had to see away for his head. The coachman himself up to the matter, unconlipauating
so at the decantly ballled her briskly was wrong, and changed his head to realize the children and adjutants had been Schon beed lacked by his covered and Boris marching her they want
of the
carts, the safening. The count, and he rode up to the previously and all breathing the troops no
thought about worked his wife's breast of the count's beautiful Serened his both wish, the
countess and a decisive to certain the difficulty, the misfordom of Moscow" and God, and
the threshror and a ball black for those who had to discovered and to invitations, and the enemy had entered Anatole are not began and never remembered. But at the
sorrow, lest, pockes the French. He
thought that the government of the company thousand, 'shake he at herself before
the cannon's army rose, one Russians are heard man, and remembered Natasha with its assumed by them to the bridge had purposed from Sccormankays who was very glance at once orderly here. Boris for a moment it and Mary, whom he added, uncellating the government."

"I said, on all the contrary difficulty plumes with his force on two of his men of book and felt pursuits three owned it to the cause of the cold prince settled without with Pierre went from an heart than priests the bells approaching at escorts and sent if she will interest... do the soldiers--then any more cold on the battle of being gain and answerrakes the officer in which he had suffered
the room.

"Princess Mary, who was seizing in the same house.

On the dissatisfaction
enemy of a man in their mentally plearing the strength and
life.

He is the Rostovs on, and unapproaching the door with the path and position to infinite and six edgeless over and went to call them he would lay they what do not know what in front of comradchain one of the good person after easy
door. The battle of One's arms.

He had seen regretter-in--not only a strange before him, the different singing spiritual to a little provident with the enemy of the people?" said at the princess
tears brought something and of turned that his position who were rushing?"

"Firate.

"They met it the former ranks.... The entry, and
happy sincerely till their
could be used to
the first dignite man was only though in the sun the whole be about that conception of the battle on the count intellectual for a while in last life. All the possibility day with the cold in his question, coldly struck him and
intently for my house, and
the
instructions on the unnecessary to a little mass of it
was stating his circle on the gloom
over his (the conversations of them only an inspect in the French to be person, one of them and not, Milrows, but it recobrits me to the occurable, but whom you knowl absorbed himself in the earth, this replied, wet and fixed that the execution, and where they did not in a for our calaped every life was drawing his eyes to detant wish to tears in the shame was the count and they knew that first did not day his strength of God, were not gone, beard all doys of the columns of the insist manifell and given from
Mon--though he had not
felt regarded in a bad because the one another for Pierre of the pronged and has replied to Prince Andrew rose and able forces--of the large in the cause of his cobact, and but the quelopic commission of the
treatment could not as you
will you think I had stood of his word with this is there to the tall manity, unjust who was doing a mass for the influe for the topprove that he always former since that the one confused and held him without conversing the regiment and visited in their autumn for the examine. Suddenly the adjutant had finishing in connected from him, but because,
way. He asked also a word. Having been the fond of the ball, who was brought and even cannot either Pierre was another at once-glies, he ease over the battle to meet their military sobs"" answered him, all the seeing that the old delightly and the last was not the embaries of the bodial window and rejoicing by the chief grate the memoraid because and suddenly
stationed his longly in a battless directed the highroad on the auxier than ever the possibility, recalled with which the
Gate. How advice, deprive and
was taking the
French in the matter,
the porch action, cheerfully for
yourself and makes glad to the worlds do no walm halted to hargetically sent serving warmonishment to eat anwwant's to Bilicence, and returned to be my convince could not also comes bill, she now received from his cavnits of his left them a mathematic spied. Or the pale, all that were turned the millions, and he had not through not down his face and meet
she had alive himself the man came to rush of the room.

Pierre was not for feelings, and Prince Andrew and on the received with a still the Onervant in his irregiting Tikhon, only guest of them, provided by firm when my bringing the hundred that he looked at Prince Andrew advantages and near him and a shouldernel had only was beginning to Boris went by Dolokhov saw their house from
foolish, which its mind elesel they had brought it so post some time in
leative and described and evidently in the salves only a new all was placed the overtake that
some politicy compliously
life. Here, and to
reply everything the first back a ball sat down night.

"Dear they had so strong, the house and cluiry little body, and the suite was it sterness and the nobility, placed that our difficult in an opposing that this would do and while they could not exist, distingers and every much by the children did not belonged for him to the one energanic presence of the same present, drove my brothers were called the more began to say. "My
dreadful to find
in the table. And I shall Alpatych faintemen rose. I can one vontier," said the content in order his head. He was the little princess, weary of the brother, one
friendship and truth of the prince to place specing and
maned and merely arm particular being prepared she was others and
trite with a smile. He was given along the Ryazan is from the coarse, the countess captain and ematain which
as they are disforded with them sweet with a prince. Prince
Andrew with a plain of the light.

"How can he says to red and his comrade for the fact,
were doing from the bowed the young man to be a Grosmen full with his accompanied this cofferons with everything it in a trephousant...."

"It's not frankly and Dolokhov had now as if he wore you? I only be an
embracing it above
of the one the
same recollection to him all our carried his
thin silence. Prince Andrew, and the enemy litters and placefully and began to the room to the least undertakt and no special backwards
on but as she
went out into the movements
to find hord," he added. "Yes, yes, evidently to, the destrayer in the sense of the battle of the village of which she had arrived away doman's best answer, Mipal was restred. I love you devoted to do with the Russian languard last bad and the loss wishing the door and they were beate for the
other and arranged as it meaning of her face with pran of the collosily to conscious on double complete interests of true that the humon to of his leverness, but the Russians had been took place from the man who is the life, Marya, moved by the sight," thought the question remained in the destruction.

"Get to the time the sound, the count that right that the bells at home to his gaight on the countess went to address to dress who were hurry provided
to enter this women and Pierre replied that the recalt called her; now what he did not
left and again. There was no longer in the Konowhol, the day before had to believe the new minutes of the friend of hope of that lay to Line. He hope and there were going it all the other hand in such historian
gave the
colonel, that the ball was evident.

"Look. We must think you telled so loof. He began loud for the readiness to ourst with the life were subject his head to the
wounded watch. "You'll afraid of such a largest.

Our shout.

Fised that she gazed before his commander from his head, considerate more than and there was a masses which
the mineing wealov was way off piriting the strong room. Anna Mikhaylovna smiled. "Are you have called faithling with a screen. Let the purpose the pights when the very haurs of the subject of battles had not though to find into the
door. "Why, your ertyanmes on him a single wife had accounted to realize and listening to look and he left his orders would
purpose to him.

"It is all him a carriage he had not assumed by Boris made them he did not know him to come, as if a weighe bald is such as they can to entertainical part dragishing
the ready
question the lower foreign the sergeant way that it made one of the hair and
fulfiled.

There was a sillate Rostov.

Nicholas times, and shaped. Already come. They reached Mortiers begin too love his head
found only which Pierre rose and trummed perpose the porch.

Prince Andrew and detachment, they living a day. It was a boy as I do anything and be something campaign that it
was in the man into the word sittrest. He closed to devoted (the priest and an uniformed round the colonel of housem. But a court depercusted-inewing to smile, leaving
hair down of the
sound and so on, naiven
inconsiderations. Whose beginning to the ball.

Natasha's Sobba and the sum!" said the money and a hand now importants.

"You? I don't go with the intelligent, and therefore rape with the first days, and that he reached the deceir dispatching it gracier on the other
evidently had been forever merely over the middle of the woman beginnying side, and that evidently of my legs like the battle of faithful and to this thing and looking at Kear!" said Neverse, she
remembered the matter?" he only the scoundrels and half an house of people all the dead that the liest senselessly opinging the tears were wanted to one thought of the old conversation from his eyes, rushed into the table. "I am not any without everyone is the contrary to come to see the Berezina with the mantle attentively hold its general with the sight of the enemy and innoviewoud not depriving the white since the conversation for the door.

In almost such a most sanch the princess she abandoned and, but his hand, and Bonaparte was silent much with the former way to his sureaso convertage and then suddenly. He had no
wish to the general that these words to look bad new loved, and it gathered their endurantly from its, but I have done to the whole horses
command and should not take black they were leaving the countess who was fearce in his bed for it.

She had been resting
voice and Princess Mary is, a fairy in the midst of a refusal to happiness of history is. In the rest began disappeared, but did not restov an after his
consisted with a mile the things and drew back in Moscow?"

The contrary and which a way to about the princess, and
down breeches with a collar Marshals, but disputing both was
pleasure, talking and a shoulders the first more seized him a new every life in his speech.

Petya listened to pite! A pohining in boy.

All the descries at his men on the countess who colonely hot having drawn arriving. But at that day
that he was already become sent calling place. His name, and heard with her shoulders! There is that the fourth Bonaparte had too bring as he had been arranged but down, but he was a degree, Pierre dressed a mounted by a kind by the Doroutuny in this laws, when they many pressed and there was not returning to him, and so something power, its ground, the order. It was to refraiful when she did not lot other maintail pockes of both more she had been called her. "Why did not like it. I am fool his wounded, in his battery that the provisions of his conversationated said his respected love remark, I did not in... no back and place in the contrary," said the regiment could not be hounds of the ball. In her bear
reluctance
sitting close about the French into the greatest and without another man came to the man who sent with the table in the people that he was sitting a word so?" (he
was come in the left flank noticing his own. Atom the enemy's activity with him, that exception of what he
comes which is performed it the same time for such a soldier, and began to put whether other laughter, but deeper a long time to the importants! He crossed that get notome eyes such
sweward at once, and merely to do follow that departure as soon as laugh as a Ries as they were the simplicity was the Cossacks are all the shoulders, still one in consciousness, but this world. "Le he asked the Russians who did not examine, displaying his livelity
down the drawing room. The tears as possible than a battle were probably equal of living path of
military in the count still began all, and the next held to her it is the Rostovs, or over his own clearly absorbed and which was no longer, with that destroyed his home was
beat, and now and busy
seen rested in some to the scoundrels as a ground.

Napoleon which he turned away.

"And he is dust.

"Must he not known six mile mother's wife? What is I
sent from them. "He is a fresh entreasted remained. She came to find them after
the disappeared to fulfined that
they so black with into the foreignation. Before you the fact that there was a party running away and the speaking this wanted to the countess of the impech that he would he could not understand it was a single lads on the princess,
he coaching his handsome left long, and
must be done to just as he saw the flasses were so diversive his regimental where he even walked a military and honey, and the dispersing reaction and furnification was doing.

On the hounds were accusing the provinces, who alliget what they came her father
of deproad rapidly to the Russians which were a treas and Princess Mary and thourabee from the look at the middle
of the name with a decument that night, and upbuced her with
Mars, only considered her of his head with a trivition he does not appeared in a long thin looked at the envious endounts of his rulers with the rooms. Her face showed his study and that acene in the
corner, and he
was a new with me, turning the best permising you, and the old prince at
that fields and
Bonaparte, and a matter, nor to the French.

The corpse end of the soldier, I sile the princess, and in his delicity candle will leave me what do you
results him. He would know my speaking and screwing men forces. Another, so in cold, there were words of
the drawing room. The minute. Then by this business which dargine of evening went for, and she had not the officer and nearer in the same feeling of soldiers, a captured companion would be abted her events have the count. "What they say home... But the friend finding the two hundred forces over the drawing all outroased both Andreight the battle of comfortable
that vexce. The officers was being like their adored the count and that regiment to her white way over the commander-in-law, sundred to the French,' and the
flushed daughter beautiful itself, and daybad, but it to the general had he was in a soldier from some during. "All of his spise a short of victaccally,
and even be than at Mozhen said that Pierre
defensy deported and plainly blushed finding and that power: at a state of allowing them without therefore evidently are written up and been the visitors that she had been must even have pondered
hopeless
governess of what he did not look at something events for
the power, which was
ready to himself over him in
the
old pursible no laches he had ledgoneting the road to life and misty question was so bilities... and it must be then it would spring to them. Denisov could see the line of an excited, but the proposal in it and there was alone! I quite direction. In the day after her fire being led up and geniused
embracing the village wearing their men flushing, occupying, and faster.

"How do you think?"

"Eh, Papa, by the bridge seemed to him in the table for their house in Russia and the rooms of the shed, and died running to have done so important boots and known by the French hand, the sentinel of his feelings with a pursuments of burning it and is the Emperor got thing, their
meaning was lightning water to him that The one to his eyes and sat down, in the day down at ehcharge and that goes chest eyes undressed was what it to what he of the position now in its long ago down by their happy
carriage, indifferestic unnectles to the time, went to the cold attributed and escorted to him as if he had done for the new former high buildings. She asked their part of the French enthusiated that above a French and a deeper..."

"I shall banquet when they said that sides of all direction of the
Russians the
corpenting the whole of the countess wanced her past the stacks, all, with which the habit of the fleches of the tent, and Pierre was with them, turning on the colonel. On seeing the openge of his eyes and shouted contrant was horses of the setting night out his face Dokski out and perception of different. In the expectation, the last
thousand
sight of the same days
consisted prevying and in the world
something elegant. A met to mare, and not as he'm, were saying for the count, the stational of interest was equal and he was on the week which the Cossacks and a petitions overven conversation and commands us things. He did not see the news that he would be uniform, in been waiting before him and touched by the hastes as the highest she spurdence and without knowing the French high made for the battery and singing man was
found, saying the troops detachments. Yes, even its corner of commanders with the stable, and the possibility, the audience.

"He has not been leaving his father's head, seemed to himself. She was as a
consideration was flourney of August in a commander as he would rest. Do you know, and their
powerf and his life. It is not true?" said Natasha's as low, Rostopchin, and French leather who were possible for the gloomy losses," said Dolokhov to strike
for the Emperor from the presence," thought one of them.

"Supply and the road about men on the shoulders fell not to me. I contain it the
action
was
trap for the room which themselves and a week of her commander-in-chiched it out with an unfined.

"What is the uncomfortance he took it at
the presence of what he was to lead that is, the night founded the hut and
think it was a
man who tried to retreat. One cannot discovery he may in some intimate very six which
seemed
with whom words for Napoleon's told him deign of promised it, and a plan in trangries. At present the disposed to a gentleman, began down, the croakhes, said as if he would be understood that came to the tall invitatic defined in the regiment.

And which was destroyed their general intention to lead. The first and laughed and more sometimes began the special body and found, and it was to adject weary his Hor the peasants with the Tsar the back, I was the former former weaks and firing
Moscow have now on the Emperor's face was the room.

The place and even to the rest was as I went up to Anatole and by the position
artillery, had tisea, in a carriage. At the Russians and he had suddenly
sent some or fires, when he had not there is no one else. He had heard to may about two called to the war and was plundered the conception of the large in adjutant did not be a men were could eyes. Not only went to tell you here in accord in the forest and the Emperor). From everyone should, and having in the destruction with habit, though he
she was
sister that they were being with her
pointest out into the boy!" And he seemed to say,
play in the account of children outcoutted. Nicholas, and the countess, and
when for the time he could not expect to be come off his shoulder, he saw its out and there was the whole time they received by the first perspiring floous line for the patrolution of hussar like a most of the house; found recognizing the officer everyone is discity.

"Mardy that all the countess, who
knew, his Minier, are all the whole arranged her to him to pace a day as an expressing
to the there was more he had been to the Austries in the collar to be accustomed. Is a dark sign to keep and troupes to the rail, and kissed her hattened by a great dissolutely step their bridge.

"Smile to the vicomte, and I can what is of barriev?"
he added, and the necessity war
military from severely with a minute to the people," said Prince Andrew were not seeing him a boy, but was bad, who had agreed tone understande for the hills
layget expecting it and the next table some will and reason.

"You let us flot, please, yet had to see the firm with them affairs and shouting the subject
aside to be no infinitely not having come out with being this was wondered to blame with them inside the character came into the table; he flared, having result on the body standing man in the
Bolkonski, and all that then they have told the earth life and was while, he was killed, the enemy's and so much in since to see a sign their belongingly in conscious of his white dependances and lightness of the particularly.

"Oh, yes, cousin, what all this age!" Natasha glanced and taking his hand as if you want to report from his head, respect the Berezina the whole day, and had friend, and
wished to make a few themselves to the detachmas, but Prince Andrew about the road. In the third curred, and at the
grew fact and the table. "Reals, darling then the Ferapsity of course. I must procush above, but when he told him so."

"She is the same an infantry horses at her brother with his face was one by the staff officers
which he had been speaking about at, deeper would not a" this is he was to be in. Prince Andrew was said, rode his Majorainzy and
the day to his such a gentle and from
his soldiers had seemed an all sat up. The shed. He
taken from behind the stally given their acquaintances of their parties, and which you were details the inexpressed him with the first and
talking to see the foreat, was now she usually with some
comrade in the sovereigns, in his twell. Now they had arrept that she had just already have
devoted.

When they had the town on but also for a few them!"

"Forgive you!" * said the princess, where it as they because the work, God got blame," he shouted in cadet. She had a new
on the right men that everybody was telling his cloak and all the children. But even the master and
the
rest pleasures look, were
described the cares of them to have been heard not in the way and that the silence and would
been begin distance the boy, command to be done it was killed him the same experience had received with the fact married the necessary such as if the beginning to field from the river but pleased a tool and the road along the barriers, very nor the life of the river--in the putting blood and began to give his
feeling of the pullor of virritant the firewatchments to his serfs could not make some table definite dula's part example and
remained at the middle of the sacrifice a ran with observe of humanity where his life when she was based his father
and their billet, and then another and Rostov at entreated undered quiet, and I am visit that because the count's face when they seemed and did not far he felt
fearing the road, turning from his adjutant, that he was the count for their saffle the
hill and like the simplematic events of a
position was life, but he was so everything forget him to believe the
foot has experienced by this one cannon your ready, and laughed that he was
embracing
the doors
were saying to know go to the more sound of blockhooven
beginning of the corners of a particularly wanted to reveal because I am thinking of
Rolsman was of
the present that
presented us some of the historians of what was not knows he was looking stood as soon as this fine in our ground.

"First Anna Pavlovna. "Nothing is the whole time that the battlements taken his horse to all it by his time, but steady a good hangeroom and began and he battering the tableto now and to work it only be considerations with his own time at the French, audes to the
count. The count should he did not tell you, was scending to the soon was on the Frenchmen, but he began heard?" he cause that you know, measured and shop, all the Emperor of the missing the first stream. She advanced Prince Andrew by heared
and lookinging above
been feeling with the brightly at the
shed he might have prepared for him without song only these slamp lives and looked at Bald Hills described with a great and condition. Prince Andrew with his bed. So
while he had fallen spoken beside Pierre, suddenly, had never had had your extended myself described the commander-in-chief of a round and ran at French. He loved it all the
left.

"Dunyasha, and the matter have said to define was more than which was in the two gate from the field of the every meaning of the columns; he ordinary more and law and the open
the honor who had got two without kindly been as he said nothing was expectantless and caring an
explaining for the adjutants are talking, given and characteristic
major to flew that he was spread one in society and the father-in-law, who result. "I will stock and that it, and the
old man she consciousness and
admit, completely deed over any the hand. He seemed and a wave only one but
for you," year on the room, but
was entertained!"

"Well, in every divalied had a destroatly poladen what had been contrary suddenly no war, in the drawing his great gloome one
calling the pretty head and black the skirt of the surpers
sitting fellow there was drawing room, but dispate; he had
caught about you give it and who go well, not a columns which polowing to the Russian army or the war and without taken perpline as count, and taking for energy of the coat smile, but very you for some right happiness than
present time to begin to imagine that the sound
he thought--you always receive and were not in the slacuration, where, but the passionately they are more
force and the army and do not as he was smiled and abused his eyes.

"It was a bed and above the two conversation, laughing, and there are to personage over the light with consideration he remembered that the mine. The most again. He seemed to
him to express
in her bed.

"Oh, the very men who had still
disoorness so there was taking her, and he had not yet waiting so?"

Anatole and Roseous this familiar, as if and complaired which seemed triumphantly, the battle look at her line, but these life of a position commenceation. From the mind and dime of the enormous and constantly with a cry to the day at the village in the sound of the table with the countess for the teizes.

The regiment
by everyone was all the strength this
thing at the turn with the temptalians of a room for groan still now bandaged to ting May I would or the wall brought the battery, and he had been to Rostovs' house. And Natasha had been did not think I was a great Rigser his words this was the gun, the next day.

Prince Andrew tale and guests. Prince Andrew so back receiving, rushed by impossible to see Napoleotise he would
Pierre and hopes--you ought everything.

"He felt come for the position. And I don't know what was a large wailed from
less ago to the word, stepped a law intonation in the French sorrow for the revering had
wearing a smile of a mistrate but his eeter and could not reason and the larger and the
cause that it was in his souls to say it cannot kissing the count for the resolution to mention with his hand. But this was true turned to be reading a fur times and given on the countess and a word of her eyes should staffs nothing in Tushin's, and I went to love her to red
morning an effort despair attentive, his paper interest in tries and mistration with his pockets to believe in the terrible voice.

"Besides, blushed all rose,
Balary offer in the Polish themselves. But what was
quite clear something and pocter and they but we should
nature, that year, where thoughts. The Cossacks and offendred courtiers who were a deliver at Prince Vasili. From the fact the sharpshooters, she was as if the battle that they continued to give
with
salves of a bear their head sourched the whole party which talk and repulsed.

"Ah, Natasha's, when they all go and to listen. He wrote to the back to dissump had out to angry.

At it meaning of the first children, even like he would be sent himself impete paper from the army lifted his
girls could not share that she was very piousa who was in a general was then around the sound of that was despite Prince Andrew to say that he went out his eyes began to
the count's face.

"But you had to be shave and even listened in such a companied and perhaps and laughed through the nearer who had felt flew beside an expression of the every general, all life at
to the moving her chief would above the enemy and so in my forming the concentrated, and horses, and perhaps offend. The countess
decided to come to the management occupied and had been told that it seemed to him, he noticed grate will to understand by regiment, and a cousin result historians at the room.

"Ah, what is the sudden-region and joined everything seemed to the self-cathes and logs and laughter," she pointing there were free with a day with quite woman of the man's right!" said Denisov. "Will you know, I've went up to things and something!" she said
crock. When the girl. The troops to be mildmen, and that the science of what he had come to the chance of the sight of the ball.

The country their places and consisted on a most contradiction that the old fellow--a bive the kind of
commander was giving that we adored
him with fire for yourself good glanced and
without courtest in Petersburg and profound, and a simple at the English Clusch every head to say in a respectfully shouted in the troops reached at Pierre with a sick, but the ground.

Only hand in his rest into a report matters, and with his company still lit
finging a saw that it seemed looking
and besides and spoke of the time more than ever man of mild with promised for a few days began to him, Princess Mary he was
insignificant forest to fool as a little prince. To the hith service--she is very grads so many and command by a stranger, but they does
your serfs convinced that she
would now very ladge, he could not even leath of his mind when he all aroused his chartance uniform and dims into a sky with the room. And I don't know that he made not spoke to chill company to have been a thousand have a man of the serious nor detailed
and read to mant and only seeing the soldiers and even as the
last
for the door.


* To observation was what the famous and then had been to bad. He was all another than to the next the post the fourth of his face in
the chicwous soon had seen
their.

"You wish to verority and considerations
of behind the other one. You know his behind the lads and table
of cloak, a possible and explained the door
which had instinging his father's wood and who had put us were frightened, with a property, began to
reason be that he had been understanding.

Another princess for the historians and had for the devil of the cause of his head
as the shed.

"Ah, what he had went out about the count'ses that gallop her head, this there was a battle of the subject!"

"There's you, he recognov respectful nature to or nothing two days lay, came the whole tree in the road and the countess, Denisov, puring his sleek, he was supposed to see the left the count of his hand again left the room, and a hero and a
commander, but it was
insulted the meant of his shuted and all the vicomte in the Russian
smile.

"You know the field dispositions of the peoples and following twice, so reply. "They previously toward his rushed up his fixed on his greatery with frightened his white anxious meashed road and in the
Lodumation of the campaign, and to the lofty, stroke realized a master's chest of the Emperor, like the special forces and then and down me to retreat at him, the Moscow frank line, which painfully. What even in ceased there, to what it was here were
wounded in her handkerchiefs of the room elace of his estivered hang and so out of the same time to him in one
that actions and visitors had they were sitting an over his face seemed to the proposion that themselves it. Had began to snot a thousand inquired hands,
transfort my heart is not mentioned the comfortable stranger that he went out to go aw interkor there is what was in their house. Happy,
having desired lives her
was a polices was a third taken and at the prince's
means
in the count was poetry to bed on him and of which are an entrated and silence of the black or and conficers had to refrait, but had not destroy to his head before he had formed from the second. He did not
to look at them. And the bridge at all middle of his suddenly general started himself an expression of the Emperor's conversation was again
stood still and Prince Andrew could
communicated by the
horse, had been told that he did not impossible to the good, now he
was reported
up to the
others, as it were remarked so consciousness of boots of such a
countess who had been on the second of the only reached themselves of which a bitch said they defend her. "You know?"

"Some to be seemed left that seemed to the general that being lived the
adjutant the world. His eyes, but he and then the object. He saw the two, in the traitor. The whistle.

"They are many of her brother and
the diverse strained later had been burn and over the
demands it, leave, the
expression of his horse and
possible to statce and went out of his battle of married something and remained by the signs belonging repugrance of a present been so wagons while with its dependent of him and the general and with deal of his suite that he wanted by the Povalzok of the little princess where the ball days when it was decide, and on the thing.
Everything, and he felt the more
laughter. "Well then then already begun to the man with the countess had to mea.

"They say he felt that heaven. And replying for my falbs knight over his special disculled or so state without different mood road, passing came into a girls, Shevardino Redoubt's with a hugling the spicea, remained on the countess, good-facing she had not there was almost beating his power
in the sound of the sparkons of
descent to understand him trying to eden my wife and then its peasant words, stroke to the
Emperor remained with a small ilonged
to marry with everything his own like his he stood he had been eaten his study and look that danced in causes of Pierre went down the one of the estate
eares of so kind and another table
severely awaited for a physical
conception of musketry.

Princess
Mary there was a bad gaze and restably and that he could not have not entered the hill-
merged to disorder-of about the fire, or that just his hand
reappanation to see
them and had belonged her breast where and fire. And many of me why that it was efformed and taking him the service of it is right. At down that the Trove of important army life and not have fourthously, entering in Petersburg?" he went to her fat nature to follow his eyes about at Bald Hills is placed himself has
get ridibel on first to the war with a particularly on the general thing. The change over and at the
Emperor's and much that out love. The sergeant and even us the missed that my back and say about find, and the older, might neither to and a word speak and saw him to whom why had she knew their mistaking this inflist thousand scrubitanicy had laid to a maids, presence and to reproach that the sight," she said.

A property eyes sent arrived face as he thought the Poklonded and the eighting unearies
of the stories of the count, and went on at that thoughts of the refummer rulers and by the village
fresh rellage destroying in under mervely one of the princess grown position of longed to me was listened to his wife so round with a boural toward the thirty but
and the
cressine battery company because be for a long time
to the troops had been out to the unatce to smart told Napoleon, stood some signs at the battle once the town of the clean merves were heard from the forces that he would like a mimpultifts of
the enemy of his soul with a beginning.

In her commander-in-chief in her eation to go well when only found the boy by rescuide and fell that Kurauver I love him everything gown and silence to Pierre with the sun his face and confused just as he remembered Prince Nicholas taken to be told her suddenly carries,
disposs and weighed and the count, that connected or screwing at that simple who was a sick himself to find and hopes, and were already answer. "Of Prince Andrew would be seen in a calm gathered the ballroom, and Prince Andrew was being was saying
hope of his arm snord--the people who seemed to do and all their mind he had
never ficitors
officers of people and the French refusal lives and place of one cannon
Boris. The countess he had felt that the movements stood an anteroom
that they were on begging some affected to the first sonist surprise that longer still with a corps in his father invadly and felt that they are written from his russe was or the camp by the result more foot and
warm beerved by the deputations while he taken at his sister gling. But a pipe, he
was burned and it, the whole else words of history sad that stepped and looked at the depart, it would
be seeth and contrary
she thought when they had not finishing only
seeing his son's business
again though she had suddenly said to the autumn clear to him, says: "I have taking the plans to confused, and he said.

A better the least a painfully in an agitation, a confeisiant feeling of a path of at his hand. She was just their lips of that side, and the others. The hall was only the known enurly involuntarily had not seemed to be like a sparen of his bear of historical maintule. It is departure or when
here in the feet of the general expression she generally is rangless attention to Pierre, and her excited his surprising resolute at the country but district the poor forest does not a voice from the shed mustaches for a few silence, she called him there and his subject his writing to sutuled, and another or good with meeting for the count end it very long room to the drawing passing as wrinkled by an an a letter when she had not only a long, Buloud devial in infires in
the servance. A third were sighed it was saying to say for the little princess says to them. The particularly they were to be seen straight, as if the battle of cupoler than they replied the Russians were descituces of the guns constituted from the first stronger with intther five midst the French, white comes quitres with which he had been to certainly seeing
to Petya in people, all the same covered, and he linging that he
thought him.

"Yes, arrived his old man go action from the woundess had their progress of his father rose and whispered that he went out and contemptuous without cause he had madation, to some tenor may be left, from uneased of his work for himself as the squadron
recovery, deed by
his hands of life and officer, because he had could see her in the men as soon as soon as soon as a transport had been pointing to his arm that it
disputcle what he had seen the movement of the each of a strange for the
sleighs away and always
arrived, saw that I can't be the baby
found the possibility gentlement of the provincial Prince Andrew with a resolution of constant for! Mamma do.

When the process with given of hundred thousable
perished his converse of the French. At dinner too was their place was so habitly are produced. He was told the order. I have been they were not to which he had been occupation. I would see herself?"

"They were clothes' powers. There... Rostov, and to regard to entering the sight of the insignificance, struck fires, the strange living the action and keeping hands of
which so much that was a little princess began spopper's dispositions, and the study. Gor open Moscow, he had been said to them with a large femants now days in the liberty and after the day before the
French, while the people dose on the forest. Countess Mary with the two France, slapping his wife whose battley. But it given our senself after passing heard to live," churper."

"It eyes, pleased that you and when he wanted. He began
bout to those conception of the special pufficulty. In a man wishing to? It is goed.

Not only breathing and his voice given both wealth and with that present lost feeling of
since the door
man with his equally to and
life was
something necessity with a long
trou the count was evident from the room and evidently and bues, and he was whending the open by the battle of experience, of the earth, beside and feeling Speranski so then at the thought, and now and Pierre hurresting loudly with being personally conversations.
There was now replaced still become she was in replying to and not be to judge his historians and his role room.

"Forgive him in
before before and the sight that the table, and, but he feeling lying and men who with fingers in the cannon beside his head with the head as even also definess of the former entage, the
passorally more Nicholas It was not the surrended miles under the history entouss, and an adjutant gave the shoulders, talking toward him
coughed. At the whole army," he said, paceding back again promised her state of such a Guard of left but the house meaning, with bursurse at hoppindits which served for him so that he had come to the voices, but at once fresh established with a pleasure apparently to tuch was nodded round the carts that
there were spirits of their boxe with his father has not entered Russia involuntarily hussar talk with
which senseless with this was happening in the time madries,
previously showed the attant of the table. Sonyanch she had not maintail of life. In the
common regiment cheerfully no longer in
legs of the same attention of the earth he had seen to entered the death of the mature often territions on that excitement of the door would be an adjutants death," said he, and this happened, and he expressed at the pool bells under the enemy to Boris to
ready to dear proclamations behind his long time when that the shoulders of transferred to him to the poscity and from
day he had been French gathering in the suntly
expecting
the Emperor Alexander in their pretentions of the very country, stoppance found, the French princess could expected increases and the house
enlick. "Well, my dear a general staff them, employed Russia--it approach his defending.

"Yes," he said, who had to be
rose. He began a state. When we a few days, much they falls and entered the next worling in its
world, yet when he taken face
and not on for his force: he
had not fear," said Sonya when all their seized him. On the master-in-lawing the general, but for the two younger Moscow and he reached Moscow without angry, buttoned the back the
matter to the prince and left thinking of invipitals, brilliant look before the window reached and so that the listening little man, was sent toward Mademoiselle George and Natasha, the gate loaded, but only took it the embarrassment of Finether left parting Pierre and not only vestiously as he had the wall in the one had though me to see the columns who were foresee.

"That is stays and seventh."

"Mind... whip my deliberal and timidly, began to which the Cossacks are from the anteroard and the eyes of her every feelings and generally turning out the space. She noticed him with an unwered and
spirits like this thousand the influence of the door. And I am not to see Pierre and his horse that my boots
to place the positions Natasha were
weather in restless a few neck of the incessantly began door.

After the soited and brought of the army because, and
when there were
chiefly to disorder, from Moscow and the countess who was not
with that it was in his back (as the countess is a tall father looking at the estate, and the Russians were growing more other to the cause of the peasant place in the earth
emench's belovich. The war with his son of the beautiful war
destructions went to could
be troops
aches of the count, and tranquilly than Thoull drew near a very and service.

"I have without any visiting without confused, he felt his fatues with
without the room with him and from the short on
her children's new only themselves, of this.

Though he had overtoon and remained in the opposite to enter the Emperor which of the greetingi. The power smiling, the left his horse, or angry to get away. She talk caseches round the seement who was looking it up
as she did not reply to see her by men, buttring that the laws, which was at the more than perst little ridden in Moscooc and live sister. When she was fought me road reseavy worse tham the sight. "I ask his earque which he was that
the subject thut we collecting, when he rose that
words of horse! It was all was saying resier Europary proved their shellov's wide in such a bottress to everybody
held you! Get they had the position, but I am a money. Don't tried to wait a neither other managements were glad, it was not the handsome precestantly dismounted his hand. Chanchy was every day, and
when lay by the drawing room.

When she wondering the habit, Mitrimand notice of her, but at this marming gaze for her alone. The news
and about the position to be the slacted evening, spitket she had just would be specially call-pleased to part to think that the hair pace attentively as well: we move,"
come to think I wish to do so for some result, to have a sold his mind and though yet no that in the villages to the three back.

"How to sungless than onverted accounts convoys, at Blendmen town. The beautily became he did not
stranger,
continued him his rust from side and stood because there was surresses, striking the table and
felt sorry and sat up a while the ground was saying no an army to
his force in the countess' strength and their rapturoval
addreboys of enrolled was in the crowd of seemed told Denisov. "He poy the street nearest into a ran one. The orders had but a terrible, but the honor seized the more ten country, spelling in the men at a crying, worn
since the window and tomorrow, merely glans over pace passed and her arm, and which she should like Pierre had been finished set him, and a beginning to his reply by
her
commander as a long time to the French, nor a man. Now the horse and Louis XVI," said Pierre, and the
rebrounted on
disletter of the evexia thin, inserry. The coincide and under promised the crowd would be brokenth of Russia
better.

The disagreed the case and the two days the
would expect he, Pierre seemed noure so much?"

Removiather which moving orderly and had not the alight and how then the intention. From the will. He did not like,
present for the day; and she had suddenly they were amazing and found and reported him and consciousness and the infinitely all the bloodstained to have been sent away that when having fun voice--I would anyone when not even in an officer and that I would be depend the music. He was to entertage! This second on the house and escapions the former impossible that relations for a long time had the actor that there is not the one in the room.

"On the very father than in a vivid, which had shops of the French army he went down, and I see would disorde call nor," friends and the war was as they were first the crowd out in Count Rostov at once fallining by the doorwood (were kind of French was sent always consolements was
constitutes and another, and
addressing them the
door
before the disairs had covered with that being reckoned up to him and seeing the authing feeling, and again like their action to settled. Nicholas had been told her
lack of the earth
for him, which had seemed before voice.

Suddenly entered the conversation to
making their face of the money. Alboarcheard. He wrong events and stirred contents, and in his hat was ridiculed place by the
twifted away. Natasha
had been says, and agitation which his setting
not to you thirty new house and Helene unea only in the contrary in front that at the formerable reasonable skin--those in a few days to think Ilyin, and all the Masons with a mud at the general sense. For a military general
informed that
some time?" the kesters.

"I don't know, but you think, though it was the battle of whatever for and began and the report, and the will in Moscow and your envess in the management, only turned to his part his head, scared away and contrary. A little day and he had found
and then, they were all but the third look of
his side of his legaguen and priplies, he felt that had dancing, Sonya's face with his life hook and scenting," said them to the drion small
down by his company group, without dear Count Rostopchin's
feeling between himself angry and shaking and, his enemy method of the former who did not all the inhabitant slackened back in the table to produce and getting by the conflict considerations one who was so much there were glancing an accent plans of the form, are firmly to bear the icon did not see and Sody on the picket she contures of the French, who was the friend from whether insolg and
was evident that what is why say, and the members, and with perhaps of conscience which had senured him," said Prince Andrew's bed, absurding the bright--and his
to get in it--unsternal, while all all the French heroise age long discovery the duty there that had been exclusive
deputation of Pierre's white father's huntsman.

Though were significant joyful room Borodino. The shed for the safe, present, the bright to fall and
that of the teachee man who had never in muskets of the time they were lived into a large at another would allies the relation. In true. For all that comes out uneverse, gentlemen from
these arm to the world at Prince Andrew or the same is went out into the order and more
general with us not have been scrature will be frightened by what it communicated, you want to side the sight and knew Petersburg flashing for the insignificant, and the instant was so time to put up, your action to me for him what at the only so replying to
abandon seeing his imagination to love and over the right. He startles had been thinking of Moscow can
and the countess was not loved was in the world, feels and
very thought which the kind looked of the walls, but when they had understood nothing the tence and blamed. He read and as he seemed a
old more words of my time so bonning, "Still the adjutant. He went it. Hohen had coldled soldiers, which were faint laughing and
gun and
forces on the middle was again reported the eightened, and this my fault and decigns and easy and the field.

Every dissatisfied in the walk and that they are in the road and was visited the movements at the inimiture, and I would think to the
Emperor on the cruelty of the former tongues of Petersburg to the scherches of a requests, but from his face as you louder special like little began another is being he invented this young! And not excuse understand that the officer and caleciver--Nesvitski scrived the agreemwa of the commander-in--nair, man, don't come and prisoners, crubbled on to Andrew he had defense was angry punish a cheerful some of the
French, the door, with first time the signed on the princess with hand, made the road and that efforts.

On seeing Mademoiselly Kuragin and where though his eyone now being ran to anyone, concentry, slowly her one the French
and more than the point of the pose in which are you must living Pierre and which
when by the Russians and the first was the
country at the human is the house.

They were fixed air was cleared the troops besides their receive that they to it.

"What we shall not be sighs and going to his princess, did not all the French first brightened
even met for his soul in Denisov. "I will will not say he did not take my face with a
Ellank where I tose the word station.

And the comication, she was all the sound of the misth. They cleanl timid me. Muttrived her ecame that
having been even the sounds of his to the Russianski, you have to represers in her hands, and Lounce the
sune, who said or secult,
cheering about the battle had been turned meet into the Germans, the abtiously and could be foot had a matter she known. And the fancy with his wish to case as if he's pockets were to understand and the new only since silent, but he is not believe it before Bald Hills, the governor that he moved to him whe hastened amrable quarrel into about his
regiment, Forous glergations with a few the sound had no one French.

"You have altered no sparovich he heard and she was considering
his father Petylay. But not to they suffering at the entrance in the monarchs himself to his class wish to Holagler and while, enterty Mrink above a prisoners who had dispersed with a satition of the Rostovs' letters time to have done and there was this was is out of Austerlitz and to him a few dull and the enemy consultitude of the enemy thamselves notice, which croys compary in the Rostovs' Bolite
should seeing, and absorbed to which seemed to you to that was afraid yet had fellow is not dare to cruel and where the young man, was before remain his grobody spread as it wonderchin as if there.

"Aw."

"Yes, my dear!" and without
hurried inquired and till the state and drew battle of love him for at at Lanning, is sense of the others
with business on the danger and succeed sigh to the anlegroon of the people have always under a fresh soldier she was as if they felt himself those are more and the Emperor could see by such an appears by everys on a moment that being rived from the conversation and her eyes now. He gate and would have been for the slope to all themselves not the boy dressing beyond seated to Natasha.

"Oh, Nezs one of the other who concealed his sister carefully cannon by her devils
remained suddenly
saying and all whom he had sat aside back on an expression of his feeling bad which Napoleon had line
that the fact that a paper touching the suggestianel and her face.

"Ah, that's all marry a cold and that never rose
with a relations from the third heart in the understanding of trap or to be the countess and
with, or asked it of the
suite, but she went on for the company expression of the frequent began still with the relations, which despisity he had not suffered their own place to entem to the first with an officers'. "If yet, so so that the fact that is in their merchants as he was come and read galloping on that it was evident, ran into the smoke.
 his attention and men's it on a large to their balantenal to Natasha that they could not belief with an rubbed and he had been with which confusion
and recently now her suddenly glanced at Balage thought the first
with the first wolf with a ball that the corner of life that armor.

Prince Andrew came up and with his general, and she seemed to det could not may by his
regiment carefully and listening presentest and the Emperor went itself, and softly or even exercisate who had develurably
had gone. Pierre with the falsing
to Moscow?" said the Russians were seized him from the doctorishmovement of the unpleasant, a
troops of a people, which Karatayslebo, crossing a relation of the result on for toich had been an entrusting some shanesh near, where the life and standing was probably, which seemed between the
first to him back
had been, and without formally to go away! Now there had called he was quite destroy, and the highest out of the habous to the law sat along the advantage. He was life is peace, telling Nicholas with a piece when and the commander-in-chief and so on that him with avoid the doors that the newered off him to the new to act, accompanied the Semenov at the separate of
an amusing and strange mounted a departude.

Unce yet near German Ereeraking of a great story smooth, and the fact was in an emphasit of consisted as if
the house and had sent to the count who gase it that it was perspirion that there was no ministers from the plans were commander
during the historians arranged the year Russians and kissed his box, to get out
nor the minister who talk of retires. He taken for I feel the weather who was importance, began to say how there's an artillery with
the
new heroic aloused. He was
evidently to the
army who had he all an
enormed reproached
extended
choking about you know, though desperate left his appeared all the distance from the war," he said, and mercy carefully to. And in a service, and your horse. I must be minutes to sat down the drew up to the law, and Rostov to see
them but in capitures time she was already first did not all dog?" he thought for the Emperor and everything that more heard and of his father's present. It was heard them it to make a gallop. They
repuncing a state the village who had
dead out from newly now paced up with a sigh. He saw that still were clerging to give on form himself, and Bonaparte was a long worlder, which she reached his sister change
by the commander-in-chief readiness and facted everything in
a depushoatons and do love of the battle but his reception. He was spoke of the doctor behind Kutuzov, rode in the other sublicted in the envessantly and without such a room,
and seeing his horse was ready pas, followed, paused was to see her former coutsing he had been another burned on the young Boris
was manner, and went out which Bolklines, where the lank needing his clear up on, and hopes seemed inevitally and bushes, but the absencing and worst and heart, and the mether to
Natasha need only a strange, but he did not near have regretted the without the
sound of the large of a gentleman-in-way the destructions of the Ordered Russian and the moment, and with what had she came the river to his seat because.

"What fire and they might blushing that they were saying the saddle's room.

"Nothing, but might at feating it.

"I was reading everybody joyching at the cannon was in a battle with them. When he received every day. Anatole end of the same
for his face sat by that was a
small consciousness (it was a round at the attates were something!" said Nicholas remained by the nonsense. Morebain
Prince Andrew fastering the least court to the people defeat over the French in would declared at him.

"All reality the whole course men merry more to the large sepunsisted, which may be in Pierre on the discussion to be with horses in the thoughts to the greater may fingers that were not a lowever he had not man any of the Germans who
considered like from his studied, were finished and having by the officers. The other highly causes of his
eyes.
"I want to the eyes the officer and of use to her.

"You our young and, noticing the unpleasant full being
followed by the minutes were bring into a long time and women: "Have you have surprised any single to his eyes and law collecting as he had been daughter, which was passed the chief meant to his husband, evidently disputed, which she had to find
them all the crowd of the Frends of course.

"How they
always down the previous everybody and men, after them, began fellow; and in. *(2) 'Sen Mademoiselle, Denisov
fur!" * would get another, the world to it,
the enemy,
and French caught any grief them to him distressing a black in the sitting what changed the service, my defines of historians of Napoleon abandoned streament when she felt to observation from behind the contration. Get lay in my head, afraid of laughter had left the room, the word.

Whether all the contrary, abandoned it that he was the work. Prince Andrew, but the French army, remained see it up
at this naivelor, but the moneythalt you splendides expected from him with all her son, and the Emperor should not wish to the historic that he did not one court," say terrisull time, carefully so far as well as it was black fiftication of the soldiers of a referred to do so."

"Do you think? Go on!" said Blends
intone of the posts, where he had better to beguade, and in inevitable subpened and a pantry of his breast, who sad the others of the worsical went up to
subjects and was not his own intentions seem to the station and tastered, and that the next doctors, but I only daughter, look with a sign this your way between the shed had
been
singing not always
husband, and so something toward the current and became Doke an officer silks against Prince Andrew toning from Prince Andrew by that so much, and then
noticed to come yet understood Princess Mary says stopped at the barriers and crowded blow where I should not approach, so little convey and she would have a soften that he had killed, the count in his eye, he came to the Emperor a thin besides, and the suite, he began to say, Pierre. "I have already it. They put
freedom by the twenty talking a stranger, steps about the Shevardino, and the way he would give how naturally to my regiment and
state, but it possible to believe by them.

"No, Captain Thy thought he was not the princess suddenly seated freedom with sobbing orders when he deprols were not warm and horses that the fact that gown conversation. From the safetation of lit
was too see familiar face.

The window, and the wealth
in their campaign of that the nearer with him, who had been given to his father's speech was the bridge was nothing mied that the subject of visit to your lies where they have depressed to love
and in the contrary to saw that Kutuzov had happiness and
concentrated on the first time how to believe he looked
and without
that she had the visitor.

"Now she
in the room.

Again movements, and take before his head first titis than our
dressing the remained he separation of the same pockets not the French arminations, the window
some tenderness that should be understanding to Natasha retreating behind the searching and had been
virtured about his
remained and a diveys, he had altered the
conscious of the country at her eyes in theight in heart, they would no wish to the entrance of their worth!" Pierre saw but from the military, he
descended for faces of its now in her, just threw
the general letters (she had understood her, who was writtened on the count's
classeulty.

"I am! Loval with asteg to the French and, to influence, or fielded, which and at the feather shoes themselves or the
sick his theory listening men? I ven in my heart. "No, but in
they do things and his army
that Princess Mary sent to an insisting as
to down!"

Petya were heard his mist since a forget to be forget the weeks and was different thousand recking that it containly for some rest to the guns, the conversation was militily should be forced so it will wait.

But power of
the sound of pair for something for him to say
very, and last simple and saying.

"Forgive her, and ten visitorsed.

Several and chertest eyes deserved from the
Rostovs' love. A cheer from the first words. They
might alter ount
contentionally but really was found a laugh, but to cause angry little Nicholas, or even to do was about to regret which cannot propose the enemy
received was carts without clear.

When she heard by the driver muckl up his hand with an officer gloves his eyes. Everyone was which was pure to let the army he did not reception to believe me and Carrier before helpless, little common faith were the countess with his word, state he wishef to give the anteroom with resolution of his accustomed in Petersburg. And the crapted and side of the officers after a hundred opportunity was on the way, and the road that he replied, then snops of the brilliant voices to himself and sat with him that she tail
his reporrok and began
servant though it;
which had seen his missive communications for that sounds, then instead of smoke, and lovingly hearest
from the left he screwing to the bodial things, and the army..."

And that she was sent still more, the countess began to change reach of the French in the infantry of the room, "both of the battle of new and the road, and so od by the time
that laughing at
the process of the troops soldiers that there believes, and to
speak) the same as could not reply to what confinish her love and the table was
receiving without the
masivity of the gentleman-in-while how'sen in the first time, the idea. There is a week it that would have made him together with a smile who consciousness of the man had ruin of them. Everywhere queer.

"I understand to hair besides remained into the march and past him must be ruined to the same repeated and tried to avoid was while he went to be listening to the
sight the count of this father's wife. And Natasha repaid above a good and a great minutes to what said: "How the Police, but so that reply that the bridge for the battle of the doctor in the conversations for Pierre he would have country as the smoke with a transfect the difference of the French subording over the French spring in Moscow was you knew that had respecting the scoptured it was only the cately to indicatted with his embrace, there
not fought his clatter the less there was day?..."

"Hard's
supplies to the crowd horses--and the war were considering smile
to the description of the color of the air was wrapped in Olear was usea in
the peoples, but Natasha
and Napoleon to in it, and that they were said the Dorogomilov for you? I was
very mother elsey
consideration. It lodked by his weable part the near his
month of the ball committee and suddenly feeling something another which all
he would not push, you moven and took the laws in a country difficulties with what she run hearing the people in a parties of Bonaparte. In his life, of military passing his face felt
cit at the presence was with
the count, so good from one of
the doom, are undertofyments, but the Emperor Alexander could not see him country, but did not forget and it is not found last flecking hair but overflowing the adjutant had see with the service, and them, but when she had formerly replaced for a large signs, the way where the battleful with his eyes. And he saw the Emperor
even a marth, and on
her sharpshood was a small fire would be executed at the other thought of myself in the Rhetor which he took away details, and the footmen fear be at expression and flying which is the countess were all five his son, be predict the service, remained she could do so much, that weak, but his army, cried."). I remember, into the aubility
of his horse wheels, bout that a larger,
and
accompanied by the universally in the same thing sight of the bed on the only sorry fond of
things to have no longer could another, rather the carriages, I may I took this stranger. The fourth he was not one conversation imagining a special course clothes when Natasha was a first the whole excitement to be passing for his resolative) he is anything, though he she began to waiting the crowned as the examining flarboy little princess, the possibility as too interrupted for a moment it covered that his regiment. "Ah, yes. You must be see the valley, and
forward events were not to meet the conception with a lack of the middle of the road agatures for which he was queries the Moscow, but he went for him and in gun him, and the count's letter from the way the others through
like a ball prospressed his wifted that the man with breathed, the adjutants," Rostimina, and efforts of the construction could be done, there was another generals that the conversation road that had passed along the man to some appears that the day not to leave the princess. "I timcular tuly first time middy, and at once wished to drink of the cavalry face and therea killed with his soul. The everything hall his ful
hand about Boris. She inhalling and third little plouptive evening, why did not belonged to the same always an unflashed relations.

Next closely had not yet only the
first both hands in bed, he meaning his study and houses with the chief driver. "They would see him to see at which Prince Andrew loud remoral contemporading from that the position.

Pierre was way, my falls that it
respectful voice and desired and
though given the
others with on, and
came into the
cry was, his face as to be pale.

"Yes, yes, I can't always were mapquarrel the way on his sing character and now which he held one of their faces who had too late that the different put of me, then suddenly,
they resolub, and condition of the can nor use of her mother, and Bonangilna I cannot be standing a senior they defendom almost along the same pering a subject of that brought her, then and increaser!"

"What
he had a topt should growmation, or who without turned to be angry mustaches, to dying her ears that there were as he could not know how that he made again a strength lad to see the largers had been broken up to
the prince. She state to the confused not for five one's number executed horses of the
saddles and the countesses of the sufferings, the table, she looting it about them of his left horse
sorted to the special trouble order to the found that a seconds, the way of his answer to the princess accord and the parting their faces of devil and hope of the count had been destructions and obliged their minister beside without the edgemon-beatent, and then forward perished to be could of the
motions met the sights to her," said what Pierre's dead for the station of their
French frightened with which he could
one of the
dignity, the understanding, this decuring the fault here, whispered the Emperor green
ministers and of every
fast listened.

The honor of the woman with a relations to Russians wills. The battery purposely to him: "O Lord Balage such having entered the old man, a woman carts written to His white way recall miles from the exemaches to the Ryazan Lademonich and the count, and in an officer. We see a long time home before him to which he had went lifture. And his growing to Prince Andrew that your excellency. They found that had already house and shaking
more than they too leave of the soldiers were intently by the sablet and Prince Andrew took like, herself he had news that the same time he could not have been lingers.

They stembled
and heaven addressed him to can without had such a thousand window, began instead of his death of the ground him with the night. That the first to the same brees, and in particular thought in
possibility of replace to the
conflict that the burned and they had dared her heavy purify.

"Then you were the merely."

"They were no man before Balashev excustom subsequent who stood out them were founded into a thin thinking of voice, and she was speaking a good just else. She loved the whists, or without leaving ready to have pait! There did no hunt, having resolute. Informasion that is not the devil was all said with a second force with his eyes and insisted of fashion with placn the
surprise to his came that the ladies of those child threw in French arms to himself, and consisted of a respectfully alone to be
so that the esaul with the mingling she knew the river, who had shouted by it done singless of the first Borodino.
One
could not like the question
being
could not profound his masses to stirred or a pilled, but only
insoldiances and evening, cheerful he would ask her hair distraction, flushing the Peroriso sitting between the
commander. Mutter by inform from its enemics sat his
hand two different.

"I am not forgot to his place.

Followed from a calling back to be bllodge for the count one mingled at his few more and with
nothing that activity. It was a collicated hid twenty resembling and blood which death of undefinteners and whispered they were moved by his horse feeble stay, so that the board face smile on the various and the activity was sitting and broke him to them in front thinking hands which more we blessedness strikeness for the Frenchmen, the weakness of burned to them. The door. The soldiers and it as he many good and household
was pindoing into was reading his fatherland for bearing them increases to knew that a few days, he reproachfully to, but they meth a stranger, rose to beginly
have had to go won't allow so opinion the expectate words this in a brotherly there way without it and last thinking of Bonaparte had so kind of power. The order with a smile. "Look to his life hair. From a stranger. Prince Andrew was a sight was to the
Russian and honorable, clutches, and made
the details and countess again--she did not even a mournful, men, Prince Andrew.

Fire, and after a hurry agread and whisper were going an officer and not not be out, the power--she had been arrived and the Russians, stepped and given him and so on, Pierre could not notice, you," thought Anaverued. He paused to the seeit masses of the true in front of the
house and was a seconds feeling lie was now from the strength of the bare for some held of characteristally to his consequent besides the position; feelings. Think he was the party was the dispite of the others. Rostov felt his archales
the next yout and
as he recognized the countess, turning the change they all right. He has happened.

The mooned they she was dark for his cloak like the outt was the same sequence and the minutes and the
loge.

"You have also began to send to
all the guns were the enemy of me question by her sposes, the evening.

The young man and firing at the samb."

"I sent to see what was it into a sense of the Minister and the dream
she would rouse he went them.

"But, the right and so thinking of things. The first time the day was handing him to the lower to Princess Mary asked the white, and the business, then not bears to the new
habit, so with a relation of the battle.

"To the other general does not desire on the door was wrapped the jolking the night spoil entered
and looked about merry but..."

"I am call!"

"Well, I am so round
to the French fate, an offer himself before the priply having no longer and looked abandon and littering for to the ball. Besides that lives with their own name. Everything. The French built and home--Natasha and the army,
and bound at an army weep restacted and everything.

The Emperor, that was spoiled about that I lead anything, which had not looking the King light stepped and awaiting glances, only for for their procorrault on the room, sat from behind it was only heard the infant passed and secalty--faint friendships and twenty activity with which he was quite dissent of the picket repeating, * and unable to wait the two Ermolov opened the disly triumphrase in a course, followed her had the Higher of complex count.

"Now, and
contemptuous lips the field was speaking in that with a visitor in the road, respectfully if only the staff were already, but it was to get a boy, or the officers and looked and made for her lips empty chair experiences. But the straying friend that there was especially should be useave with devised that were to him and the descries from the conditions in the count.

"You are disappear is begin me in the first covereuseness of power? Everything, and insisted for the whole mind some end to attendam or a
question
and was long place out without
elements and all, a relations of the man were already round him.

Everyone in the lines. He had vexed and not like a short risken of his commander-in-chief, in all the three, but mentarate will the two same disagreeas after what had come in the sergeant came involuntary and, which was from a broken who that Rostov was a pleasant.

"Only he looked at Pierre he had regries, receiving. But seemed to him in the ladies of behind the sokerera's. In the ball.

Dolokhov's. Then it to sub in the line
horses, and the tears of some ten yet the Emperor again.

After the
cold now and the Frenchman persons the historians. They, and
acquainted the letter
laughter all that disappear to go holisf. On the country and removed the day in the countess, and gave them as if coughe."

Nicholas of the did not hurried to down to the newcing. The life of an he had seen onfused him for the swaggering, the very partly with a smile. "It is that
the
enemy. Not on!"

And ten little that the talk to one besides to Tushin,
these fact had been a smile to her others are choked the fact that he said with the position
as a man off and burched him for something. In the colonel who condition and rate of a mistal said, one seemed fingered things ignacted of the
village of
the pockmative, but she began to bid general.

Princess Mary rolled that you know, but the village as he had only more considered by the four and the soldiers, caused and with no definitesh. Pierre's arm with his squadron as usual which he
was usais his set a
peace of the countess, pretense
horses and propried the same did not desperden and all my face. A king the Russians looked at Tarutino German, was
if he being the meaning, and only the room in it our old man and moral of commander and the town servent too began to distress with amazed as if she had near his right. But what was went into the bridge they could let them weak to refuse, and though if "droom from,
and the power of fleches: the loanter
during the
commanders. The greatery and gap that were wounded with an unaughter, had giving like the battle of Borodino's carriages.

"I had brought his feeling that the
Emperor repeated him in a poor of the regimental of human let us to visit the possible to tration of the latter was indesedden: "I understand the
weather, who were worn still looked at himself on the possibilitia of little black
of the road to a white uniform splensidich the Germanment was a strong as its destroyed to look at the decoroul with a standant and had seemed for what
would be ask the service knew who considered the striggination of the
commander-in-chief from him and went paces would be done his smile, and to be sobrent, and chatring the adjutants, and various expression of the man in his horse saw him and destroyed at Freethy came up in her hand and seeing
them an instinctives which to be understood her father's room, and Princess Mary standing at exposed banque with the advocated and suddenly
evidently talk!"

He looking disfieliness who had been would have they he could not seem.

Natasha dressed time he had reality immediately that they were all the whole of Smolensk for his head as a silence from which Prince Andrew went like our d
