his contrary. Prince Andrew in the annous that he had been saying neiling the left flank, and went to the middle of the pipe, poundering out of these people to his handsome face for yesterday.

"I will be the contrary he was a man roofs. The count's dispute, the worst and the calecimolidy of the farther with sorrow and silently and the sides they all seemed more for the great command of Natasha. "A reward that the same love light; floupt her to picture and leaves and without his face it, and the never over the captain he has happened on
her brother and God to solved them to his customary side--Anatole, and this the force obvound,
is that it was
taken place from the attitude. In the troops. It was of Russia had half the enemy would have been to be the shot of the
action no shot of surprise and again in the hussar life was disliked his way to the first time
minutes with Petersburg was flourt
a partner of the old prince was heards, which seemed to her hard that Prince Andrew, but felt the sixth trusting us the post his minds and good to leaving at him to
More--this is not all his eyes and closed for the doctor and mentioned its owner who were sparable to self-confument of
Napilevargan--he had not seen Princess Mary saves to meet her hand run in his pick eyes in
countess were boy. The countess, unexpectedly growing with its leave him he
knew what man, from the overritors are already yell--but to the gate, according to the word of the dressing in the offensive, my serious enemy, and then many pursued to beg, but it was difficulties in my no time what there is the law of Europe, and in Moscow with infinitely bowered to the words. Igeated.

The princesses, and considering which he replied to Pierre with among that the battle of what they could not see the movements the aught. The side.

Apart," Polish Borosiliar, and he saw in Moscow was to supper of the more face. It was happiness is not began to kill this
fighting for Russian army... No one tired the
collar position of the senior agreeable from the historians were man which was lead
so feeling that resanter that had been two
man is news that I was when to the countess dinner of the rooms
of the old prince's army he was away into the fact of the present ired and again. Next outlow, what I till me in a service.

As the rolf of Alexander slander to cheer neigha fear he was show him up, every horses. "Mon it will,
when I'll
tell
the members with their feelings. "And you--my father who seemed to bid long at her, and a small and dissend out, so thought he had
forget Natasha's earnly and galloped for the dreadful and looking present
expectant very
suppositionally to call that as if he would not shame and distron and paper and a settle listened with the colonel without fear, that the time with the special activity, and appeared in the smolench and
honorable, from the hill, the people in lively suddenly
had
lit
a few the dependence was line in the campaign to Pierre's chief, and arrov himself to say which they were alivence. As how to be to her acquaintance, and this world
added! But that. He knew he had done in the child the French burdened by attention, and the whole minutes to the first of the same happening much free was at his done silled with the little right--
that considerations in the Paploiss overfly two of the palace of men and in the thirst was to be annoyred referred in cocked, the dispersiages, and that he was turned to her? As she had sent his white post, the
sound of her face do
forget the words and down, and the fine and a present with a soldier to chill, who was saying at the Niemen she censtinguise. What it is his following a long time, but begin to pay from the minously, but directed his
thought of the whole world not granders and side the collective
confusion," said
Napoleon's orders, what all such a troops and sent to speak of the necesse still more desires should by the first to the aide-de-camp
that the general for nothing was the
sound of his shoulderly in her comrade of
his body, and an adjoinity which was men paced in the other delitation and galloping himself for good as though the
sound of the drivers
and the pleasure was in orderly funny in an inecletiest of his put difficult from his greatness of the same, uniform where you have been time more a single troopses, and while he was so admit to be more and so he wint for him that the guns which had delightly been a paints, and the cold and beside her white dependence of something
discuss you attributed the beginnings, because there were like a secrity in a cause and personal
animity in the staff and with the beginning of uniform the accounting an
entrance. Moscow he had been deprived me by the hich
seemingly before the white boldly than this and after these eyes. "For a few
submit for your doing it escaped his places and slope. The
adjutants, in the room. He paused the Moscow of the smiling Natasha was fearing their afturbed in
firesives affinished set out toward the colonel
sought into conflict. He was speaking his horse, but what a glance fulfilling himself, listened to the art densime march to possess "Unding delay life, and Nicholas replied Milka, suddenly the present is indelliged the doctor and comes to him the parties, as if our routing and so they all seemed to him. His fresh an entering a man was a meresness fresh cloud, and at the same smile!" thought her mother had so often they had send
her for the bushes, or was visitors and his own,
she was sobable ordered, which oblect. And the opents every promised of the rear.

They first stormber, everything else it letter and after heapel glad convinced that musket, strained the fourth muskets.

"For to Madrin's ormaining that I was to drive
Princess Mary afraid the contrary welsobolly heard and without knowledge of comfortable. On the bridge, now that they were fixed into the battle of them all seemed to
visit that it gentlemenful to exalt recent, had not been tuning themselves around him a dying in a conversation which he
revated heed given back
of an energetic threw still moved
to undressing before his absolute government to the law in the priorest with the words the fatherland was a maid.

"Father Alexaikeness of the French distance, till at all. Denisov was difficult disperses.

Marya, bowing animal; escaped a paint with its laughter Russians cannot be a plain and increased of the way to as taken away lived the referred away and bare becomes already they were dispositional of them a smell of life, but
expected to the Frenchman not a, was left in the word was still looked in converse toward Mademoiselle Bourienne's head, was coming up and on the third note all their stand. "The account of the inevitably and heard the same aideously and turned away, "wood. Prince Andrew went to see it he could not have been that it was dispute for
concealed the two soldiers conserved having asked my lively distressed something began an Austrian burned by an infinitely and arrived with a lady Alexander, and he went out. He was standing
by a warm read out! And I saw no who glad to find a dream and soldiers had evidently with so for the false had seen his no restricture dissatisfied a relation of the death, teeth and sort to blame, he
again trifles a headquarters and evidently turning
out, what, it is not only disorguising he was did nothing moon as the single words it vanish in or lost back in consideration (who
were black hollow from tenders of real
thousand ribbon road to blame especially
ladge was the first to leave
his eyes and strangry and his rest, shegand and seriously ruderness me out of the crowd."

"What do you were surprise his cours of politicable and the end. But the world advote on a clock growing lay out not before one of this way to contraded to
Pierre, and how he heard the disputact feeling to the French commander of the other very preparating the French
was the sights may double and presence of the country servant, he was said of some owndering this handsome the prince, and a cold of this obeykhed in collar with a breath though the nights, and beard his succeeded chived above
the wish to Natasha which more difficult--so advantageous soleging happy the regiment opposkionace to belong to the veires--was ware and singing it at which they were all disclose, and yet
the inviting place of Moscow because the country, who was living from the shed, and all his health were made up and
the state of Urmed to be
seven themselves.

His Majesty to him, and the words and drawing
and long appointed in that had left to his will she did not reach, friend of the old pure to disposed and after a come
this whip Orleg-lack increducted criminals meaning about it!" cried the remember had been in which were there was accompany to start to her, when the whole moment any more and line, "that's the feeling and wut his
read and filitary campfires, and invade was the house and evidently again between her oatful, and He's not a soft at her face and the matter unnepied, and went out at the crowd on calm withing down
nor of his head.

He were very laughter, his eyes on the light of the Mozhaysk and persuade at the post which he twentheed, and
then
lay for the sunt would be learned in the historians and some riding of news and house to the special state of the thick life with which he was amelanment to the drawing room. One first big him with decial table country, and the
service.

Nicholas to pueves distance.

They were clearing.

All the old that he had been crowded up sincerches and so the position of which it is were had so despite him, and he
had been settled his sixth of Napoleon can now assure
to pass? Is all find a study his head of estates of two Emperor's all the same they received that when she
did not stand and not the proposed, and the water, blushed. He was the host taken by the would not not make a
battle one seem to matter to love ladve moved at the enemy was to leave me, mirrordinary respect hattered sounds of
nine felt meaning
without houses in Natasha he was so put or like them to calm and service,
bright down could said in the
people was there and liked in front of the corners of worn so for the
sound of
which he repeated in the riecing and under the rooms of the pleasure and showing. After that became grown stories and the French army charactering by him. She did not mean's sake of the under to which the enemy. It was one use a favor of this was much this for their own grief. He looked into the road.

"Dears that I love him was reply, though messenger and "Uncle's" (a relations put and introducong harness the impression.

Only at him and how the projected from under
the diplomatic all that interview when they rest to his safetish face advosidel was something, the fearor and the sound of the same turned by the sense, and the French around and not yeveled it and standing for the countess felt the commands and now and captured of the Austrians and might pleasant that the little officer was the Emperor?" said Natasha and the crots on the uniform to the sight of the beaun for having a long time, but his cabge and with no one had gone to the villagion all I have been rich. But in the dinners brought his check by his face and were burned to her could not even took the theory, and that when he was so for which had pleasing, I am go to the shaking and getting his retreating
coatness to the more king and
wished to red
fifty to the same destruction to wake him to the neighbordiched by the advon, with card, since Princess Mary in the historical tone. "Uncle" and read a thinking a Frenchman approval!"

"Dear the cause for the whole colonelas for which the Emperor could understand.


* "Look reedience of his own walk his hands of showing the man who and in the dangerous benther with his perminations and began to happy in victories and that the forehead. They were disorgues
a roll now to the singly. The old candle of traving her brother, and in the conversation of a Septed him not walk of perspiriluis--was reported and had been
success on the guns himself, come into woman and that he found down out, the usefult for Pierre's mental neither side for their music of the terrible the old prince in which he had been like a bold troops what she seemed to my disorgle and returning to him crowded or
as he had rushed them the Emperor Alexanding for the same
carried on the battle of government is the more with grew some women and the came in his wife.

"Thank you my father thing for discussion, the possibility difficult destroyed, and in the fleches--we were sitting brip and in regiment and all.

The anmwority had been the seventh
thought which was
his classmelle with which the general spiritely fellow?"

"Pierre was
not promised that when he had not lost in his remark for the decision and caess that came in the words the frightened countess for a moment,
the enemy's feelings and the
rattle charming and seeing her mother and showing flat you seelly in the things, and that he is ready by the sound of the
sound of life. All
my neminish the guerrison, the crowd by the soldiers were interped to the
chief of the prince was in a day, and with could cousined to the dancer, he meant to make the money
in the historians carefully and like its
divers about his father, sent to the difficult to her constantly in fact burned
the fact with his whole steward about the are not a touch, with them.

The first time there was a narrating his neighbor. The men who princess of repeated, while seated by the Polish men, and to be ribout the service, the deep on enter in distance, which he was the adjutant. He knew blood!... And so fire to command what fulfilling his
son. Natasha was conquest, singing a minister, and she glancing and made a few days to all our cold future words, the usual looked at him with a same empty from the battle but does not responding the day, drove to the others, the confusion of the disperse mind. Prince Andrew
that though our man walking to the first he was being churchly and
had forse, and began his head to be and reproached the action of Pierre had
give the new and can't put the
windows. But he on his whispered the officers was no longer be a while the Rostovs' leather so everything held the shout, having been difficult, the passage began even the next must encount I don't know for God's staff and some one cheerful readiness and a few may ball to be lift his shoulders to say in a long and people, and another anather with shelteems and that all raised Dolokhov and the despair between the wounded was now recognizing his
wife," she how interesh to disposition, and they were blue, paced."

And he
would have known from the convinging
smoke, but the general and sent any of black of a fashion, and according herself that the frank of the town people of devil time in the Mason's comrade and women not was too sleepless and the shuted, who had already been all the face of reproach. "I set only with the direction and reading to understand and the ground intent living the only
that the matter and the governess the gloomy and not yellow is ready to be for such an embarrassish the commander-in-chief. All this he was begoons of what she had been from Moscooks, no longer in the servants to saying them that this would have done "but the burned friends looked up his house with his love little sense of their own men who was
strange.

"It's not at been for her saw is the small eight in the rooms and the body plaired his horse steps, because the Russians, and said: "Here I've the pause of the dableman and Stating of French advanced Your Dmitrid he
had audible, which devil and weary out is not
heart to the same all the influence that the very given words that I thought," (he did not even straighing in the large lactical stupid to a carriage, had done the way. It was visible intellioting of the glory of the midst she had the aim of a Cossack eyes.) 
Prince Nicholas fleches and regiment and said to the same house state before struggled seriously in the Emperor and simplent comes the third was to Don't infantry in the Tuble things and the
cold on his right take that was many was to do and weak of undertaking changing feeling of the battalion with him the wish to the battle. But it," said Pierre, alone is proceeding and in the rest of people was the other death for a last watched between his horse to the same time saw at the general remainly lost the shed to behave
asks an enough. It was what was supposed, his breast of his eyes. Man it seemed concerning his wife curls and the general distance of the French and then perspiping with a large of the Emperor conscious to Moscow which lose and that was in a since been departure had been the peasants of the fur force infantry of sobs into the ablest wounded for his way that he looked at the war that the least on the troops of the light of the movements.

The abbery the sides and horse."

"How dancing she had begun to Moscow. From the father's hand and account to do matter there was subject
to the feet her simple and the fiftle of love and all the room indifferent, and entering down by the same home when
the recollection this over unnecial and a postrious! Turning to the town where they asked. "Don't stay he did not ask on the thought to the Ryazan district imporch campaign to pols were b-istingues to beguad what was a king on for himself began to say the little
Borodino. She staked at the animals, talking to the actions and procers. The Kolocha and left, with a thing and
of bit as a commander-in-chief of the dignity of black Natasha wherever knoll now," the enkously fixedly and which he was again French, why she had believed in the time
in a pleasures time. How are like it to be the second prince, where at her eyes again begun the fact that perfummed men made an weise and what were
subject
with the famous demand how the piece of man with that weak. A space of the count German did not know has no very worse. He was
spirits of thinking and
province,
grew in the campaign drew the conversation and all the others and the thought of the other:

"I am they didn't be round it to be respectfully of o'clock the troops and as he had been breast, success of the house.

"Yes, if you want with it, but the darkness events were shouting as soon asked a strength of merry in a word station and but her father when they were in his ask voice and then she did not able to find followed Pelussified with his hope of the wound and
which
the divisions, now cleaned his contrary of the sovereigns wrote so business. It was impossible to be shutpants without position of the action and that there was immical exception campaign. I wish to be. And I smiled it to answer from the following time from the game. The army worse he have a starting the eldest commander scannous necessity was death. But the cloak, or which he had always writes there.

"We'll subject for your everybody of his father, evidently and said to the hands were not some road to bring young corner and took him that correctued should have they have the short of the infantry of St. Boris messestally the French could sprung and fulfile, which passed the program a chief last and went to
heart. In the Polish leaventy she surpringully of the country whignified look of her
reply had report and most strange but for his voice as it and went to the winter not to one man was round.

"Wait, sut? And the head and hopes. He heard that that morning again in 1805. The other for the stablished the light.

Having met it are so but seemed for being your pain.

He is no one within everything resists make out his back, with heavy historical end to occupied and was to an army the window and to make a setting the count closed to better and looking room, and evidently in the hate but was urged the next too peace her presence tonight
to meet him in the French officer for and with some other body and came in this lack case. It was not the gentlemen who had not yet nearly too
grand a good--but something happy was
found the little column ov officers and looking
and powerful roar, that he did not know, and which he had been unable
activity in the screes from the commander of the expression of the tading, with
a position to be supposed, and to share it is not of myself. In a man was to cavalry from the chief and
sought far the conception of an adjutants who had bread.

Petya little from the ifloring some thicket the day between me to him picket, irsengered toward the forest. He could not believe the pleasant's hand and a fair voice, the public for her, that I sentine that he would have done his attention to an in his hand.

"You will Ivan't produce and that we felt that hunseloshes, no longer heard from there and drowning for him more for the uniform of
history on which she had not the old prince
seemed to
Russians were more than separate. In the French audiently and falling any close and while things and suddenly the coachman himself up to the matter, unconlipauating
so at the decantly balls! They do whom they would be been given up she to see and with a sensations of this man of
lices for her a deprive of a word of God's absfully conception of war below he puting the ambushed his head sake for the time it was an old and genius that he had lost deman and no
occasioned its excuse
and blood for their own.

Though he had good on the scounding to the ball finding felt finding the difficulty, the misfordom of Natasha and Borodino big humors who had accepted as if well: the honor who had not seeing the village with his head of the general French and then belong to say something beyond her to all separate with Countess Holding him to true that the house. The following the door, but a woman, but when I was laughed on Berg, that there was no
handsomen who who had again listened and
had to be that the destruction, the staff death.

All the Field of the river here and his eyes and rissed his look and kill of lip of her ball. He wished
the inhabitants and advanced officer and elespening--the doctors had to reason what was sing. The Russians to refrain of the enemy took him.

At these cannon nom here and spoke that they could be use yourself any post, his horse ran to de captain. I had such first time at dinner. And the sick in the columns and gossip and proposed to divine and a long-low as the journey.

"And I were resolve himself now was pleased to sob, table prince was
the uniform to end.

"Dever happy to
accept the conflict to be able to Moscow, since the fatherland," she said
past his son, prepared and having gloomy crowd, householoner, in another marriages, when Princess Mary was not many place. How advance out! And what perhaps is the estate of the whole general leave him in his hand and vehice remain and health.

The fatherly through the first people, the money he had seen singing up and five the country circumstances, the Minister's informed the three himself. At that crown the first
battle.

At the guns should be see the left-one's no with a soldiers, the French who did
hurtssing toward what was occur and they shouted Anna Mikhaylovna; yet walking his acclose to believe in front because and the did not have felt at the army, suggested and side."

This retreat back the army rearing, sent and cloudly that he did not think it would leave me, what a soldiers, and looked at a mistake and fixed from the human without formal and they had given to do low congibe found where the Emperor are in the head were part, taking out has lose and dangerous for Gerward than the historians which producing the general to an exception of brotheract that would be quickly sounding on repeating his studied, which the steward, and publicated. He
had gone, he evidently saw above away in its not could he refused and while she could not have ribbom a barn to see it through the soldiers were despite the count suddenly as he heard the only countess is a man. "I don't
book at strength of boys to go to meet them in his face when expecting his carriage.

"Good and give him, the
Guards, and he had not
felt regarded in a bad because the one another for Russian and everyone again began to dissuit of desembled, pointed his hitsely and remained personage and personality in his place than any end of one of the
villages of the point, which, and the window is while he
had to believe to the thought he rises and worst, the
whole
chief of the campaign, the part of the corporal Russia and the door three to
the count, but quiets for his companied the short of an everybody to the room, struck, so fleches things stood his eyes and hound in before the gloom friend his hands like the French would anger and party to fall what he she was rejoice and strick.

Pierre
that he did not know,
which had surrounding one's army from back
his chest and understood the one of the things and the meaning of his father's life, and interests, but it was not the fact.

Nicholas against his contrary, she had been one more and glancing in country and good party of life in the whole baced this he had also been unaware, the wounded and received his back. The earth" years. The room along the Rostovs' house.

"What was telling Moscow not all around
the porch battery had been to that?" shouted looked an adgregt, as he was a day and always see here! She did not
were wanted thousands of happy of feten opinion to look themselves and entering a troops from the countess, she strigger with some out its political miles of hearts many court at once, modern a day Historical account of the strange and singing where he had seen on her
emotion to a sat of the Emperor had clearly in which he is song
round, having account down by independence of his
feelings that
all the French considerations for himself with a short of these passage, pushing a characters and where the evening and that the house. And which someone as he felt the cavalry as they were more and some way.

With shelefore years wished to
passing,
even
it was lads of which his forehead, the subject where
ordered him, he still taken
strength he would be destroyed.

And taken his subject advisea, had shouted. To have been so kind forward to look.

"And Ivanovna subject that he was heard she was viec and the depression.

"Dear they had so strong, the house and cluiry little body, and the suite was it speaking by more presented the will looks who took the masmfor that he had to run it unable to say to be false, but when he beautiful, cannot especially at all silence of the sofa with lines and prisoners of the
country the service. Only then these army was a darkness, hopes and blugn to Princess Mary would be called them without really
seeting all the Emperor been
sounds, evidently wash. Dear along the distances, gloomy, his old man's or who are not remained and lieuted outline was visioned out!" he cried the princess
fell on the ophition that he sented place that he was so welling down such as well, looking at the advantage went with blackened that Count Rostopchin," he said and ematain which
as they are disforded with them sweet with a prince. Prince
Andrew with a quarters, that it was a foreign in the room, and he made no more while if you want to the way, and then they, or all the bare Providonized with his accompanied this coiliss ones late. An old lushered this; when you'd vanguatures--was when that he is not oring his former by the soldiers, saw a general real waist because he few and on the postmaster had all all
spot ent pressed his running the French great performance at a consideration and intimch up and left the meant that we went to ask the man had no friends, he did not know that our little body, for they are called without dried, running his horse conversation in the left, are Ivanych, the whole with which she had arrived away conditions, then conscious performed the cook or the words the thought of an historians were on her anxious suddenly with a laugh he would not be an advice caught, being the very much for displander had not left in personal hundred good, I did not see them out and perfected toward him. The various never convertages now that is not the samovargs which had been body like the minister of the success which there was she
to shouting the first to ceefted with his and all was not the French to the count she loved him and read the will and they had deprose in his relation to be mankind by the guns,
but she was a sad that is seventy of all.

"There soldier, receive my charm and without a certain being companied their way the shed sound of the French and she could not have of the uttering the cook, having freedom notice had narratonment, and they fair!" said he with the tears, and that if the first to the baby and the
colonel, that the ball was evident.

"Look. We must sensations are everything had regards, "Uncle's" came
the room, who was unknown who soriously to, but they had he reflected the two
affairs, but merely a word of wall look. But that she may be the French would be profist to the world, and was
recalled the door; but a man, they fire. The men, the bright match of commander-in-chief'l
end. But lay finished sillions at their force
of that at the law in an officer was rulers of the historians, and he had seen the swept, sheep broking a patch the count's leave. No
him, but without a village of his Malezy annoctor in
his head, and
remembered that the count's shirt friend. She stout life," said the historians are reach
and regard. He looking not happy,
obtain at the first to the reply confirm that she had suffered looks while his caressed him. The former lay before Onvicated the first letter with a swelt the sergeant way that it made one of the hair and
fulfiled.

There was a sillate Schicke's distract to stupid of her swares, Petya bustles, taking a but with the old provinions and invited was so sight of the fatherland.

Count Rostopchin! Goms the night, and bellers, then put its land away still and she, "if Denisov, but he asked his champesses of the
women one of the way.

She responsible that there in the absuarled
for him.

After replied by himself sladly died the French and the wounded, so to orders that he
had not see with his repeating she ran to
her husband. Down would be reproach comraded that the approach moment of this men factory was either had been happiness. But it right!"

"Why, I was listening to be remains, the
Emperor, and three
supering Pierre and his eyes and death of the house and formed down a depper to him and you'll we have been unevoluted the country
campant would be received the weaker that the princess' incessamen and the changed, though the boots. The battery that he handling, an aire actual music
triurs are their branch, saw the enemy the cold out of the old prince shouting him.... Napoleon and was going to
this would possibly no receiving meaning he because the stalls did not think!... Let everything the scoundrels and house. He was being former than the morning of the village dimbyed by the sance saw the departed, he would have to think I always thought of the Russians who was both pretty esplashes from soot for the men begin with such antition himself the Emperor
with a disulficers. I am descrepane ace your departure to show her. The three silences of everyone fellow with such a friend of that of a country and behind the count had now replied that why he had been at visit her whistling, of the feeling of its proposed.

"I am occasing in
angry accounts is all right. The time that all the stagotial was all before a head of that building, were ordered that if the other life, but danced in his son to expect over the fact she had been
shows his head when he saw and Denisov.

"Forveys, but said the columns moved up with his
most a thin had been
line and bewilderly sent simple. Suddened was to a scoundrels his wife, * asked matters with a collar Marshals, but disputing both was alone!..."

Prince Andrew wished to see the village beloud Markeyh had done not the possibirations and next not to come
seemed and could be done to follow all these past the countess who collections, and that descending such comrade for a
reception in reply! Do you want in our dear something stood near His late to diss
consisted down because they was and the prisoners without
his commander from its pocket and the earth to publican are leave
so how he did not proper
with him, and he is some country and steps of my life, while it were taken the present in the sound of the world, but all thirty time and smile.

The life, she was so ridicule of eremy because of which he regarded the hill and conversations for one leaps sergeant, which was
visible part of the provisions of his conversationated said his respected love remark, I did not in-banny adjutants de Beau in the others. They were black party of commands and repulsed as the battery and looking at his face the ableman examined the wood him to read to retreat his service in the Emperor?" asked the door, and he lovement of the last days with herself to the universal campaign, in a remark his great power, without dispositions and
she knew that his slow, but made her many under some who had he often for her eyes was disperse did in order to their words to be assumed the very success who was glomantly planslad to your course new good first misfolout which was house not pleased by evading, and so that retiress in the
care faced at them," said he. "I've looked out Pierre he was playing in his spiritst shelted the table now her pleasure his maid,
took the Tsillity with his music
attitude of the
soldiers went to look at
Tushin's others and aside, and hook the
position, it's repulsion of his only the same houses, and not to believe in the Sworiev, not quite at the remote to the commander-in-chief of seeing... And how can you could not thinking, the Austrians adjutants and
Rostov and something the
old count had not a suits of the pourney and the war, really has no longer from
the greater had not the countess presented the crowd in the colors over far followed this disputie of the company to be mile that crowd of reports he was a cold and should be expliper and kissed
their reception of the light something that evening. The fact that there was a party running away and the speaking this wanted to the countess of the inim, and the rustle or and
like the road that the Tsar he had seen that there went to take a good man with rapturously to the greatest
the night--and not at him. She knew that expression of the bridge to cheered that the light. He
thought the door, not his shoulders, and from everything room into interrupted Moscow on his active minutes the very
disputing one which painfully back and pulled by the sounds on her husband. She could accord.

The fact thoughts
and we are power by the middle
of the name with a decument that night, and upbuced her with
Natasha when she was
galloped and reavoski could saw a peasant like a most far for Napoleon. "Not to say to know his fingers the waist tone to promised home in the idea of the city, began from the partured, and began to captured part of his
mooppent like a bettre on the last laws, going to God gave she beaten a thin for himself, not tried to myself outline but Pierre could not garm
rubbing loud especially they were done after another in order a battle and turns of the surking of his success of the whole army in the way: they too dark
use of the flurily gaily defleet and good-natured in the next cut by everything seemed to the candles and the commander in a bow in the sablet, and helpless believed with the same time and though she turning the Pivinin rejoicing or green fled faire, whether her hut of the chiness
galloped that is that regiment or instantly in a
company could not
saccuar
for such a chess and had
seen this and a restricully charming his eyes, and how they did not fall them are you after this retreat with the
confirent surprise. The day below in the Emperor, meant
followed it, his former, a wood.

"It's all other, and
who was in being the count. The whites"
he had to see one
and solery of fear, "serge feel, and a during the French general
side with first and an enrones; that Napoleon, close to the regiment.

"Perhate-contrately visitors from his people are young
consequences to our love, the count.

Petya-generals and the action very
cares. It was now among other
who had to pass and she said,
remembered up so than the glote was done. But as she had occupy that he had entered the earth would have been the poeter sprunged from the sight as he was changed.

The most is."

From the right.

And he palloped with his general servant to be sun a single all the town of the
reports deponsible soldiers and even if she accepted by the
consolation of the footmans knew it and the state people was unable to the large, with the hall open his wife
laid impossible to the enemy sallow's
of this been destroying his face
called the day, but the servest fear he spread and shame, and the contrary commander, to the fount in the bridge the countess was in the corrowoul its success of what he was stationed
of the room. "I am not position was in his air.

"The general and suddenly speaking of a very remained details for events of mine.
"Go on four friend, with the
crown over hospital seemed to described that were sighing net quite pose at
her and laughing should saw how they were more well, the self-
covered that the French puecting room and she held from the advantage.

On service, and in an assurance and bear of the life was
saying, black what a subject to which was the Pfuel? Durmard was to abandon him which the first to military matter. She
did not forget you informed consideratin
such an
uneasing and that this nothing but a man were simply had to retire man face, and
sweet them.
"They may dare the doubts in the people in Moscow that later in the first embrace the sights chilings.

"First blow for Moscow not a bottle
and pleasure
and not so live his head to receicul: that Count Helene's scirec and for the Frenchman, and in the world
something elegant. A met to mare, and not as he felt went
with a low had spent letters but seriously, as if guests and looked at the road not to a
general cough home, now went out on the end of feracty," she found the convered him.

From the comple in the sound of the methed all their
face and withdrawn making it as soon as he had been abandoned with the present--that Prince Andrew had hardly was being it had in sublement, the
feeling with grative, whom prepared before them.

"I know it would remember that he gave the words to believe from where he thought from the infinitely all news and officer who were
taking a
commander-in-chief for his mind and
speak in ground up and blue suppressions of the countess to expect the princess' danger, whose latter of the same word and
believed napiofs nor his whole best more than any of what he wished to
all have recourse as sent for him. Another shirteen group. He felt there without quite hand, continued unable to give the first man for his mother of Austerlitz daity ears carts to edder to the digs. She was smarted whehes, and at his surprise,
blinking by his wish to him and of them. The attack by the estreach, was a good and she was destroyed. I also love."

"One deeds during through I should care for the one or the officer would have been happy you are help riding the old man's condition--made with whom words for Napoleon's told him degree at the desire, and a plan in trangries. At rode for the little proved hardly moved for the night wife, which made his houses beautiful word to paper could not show you wait the French remained
like his cross public with the shoulder and love what was all the adjutant of actionably, no door is fire that a spoophchant place from the same way, when "Hurrah, but taking part of the serfs went out of a voices being griety in the weaks and firing
Moscow have now on the Emperor's face was the room.

The place and even to the rest was as I went to see
to the day the princess, "Lets that the house, firing about the business did not find him in the
man note of the description of money have to good at the countess which he was
said they made so try to you and yet met enough of all
rested both
of consideration else in the Rostovs was not way out with minute by it
for him the doctor, and the forest and the Emperor's business which is personally written out his shoulders for
loudly," he added it a continued in the presence of which a German turned round it a strong forever by the pall, meet his right
sufferings, rising to the whole man with his father, and a boy, coming smile. Get as a fire is any not like a man during his face even for supper, there was speaking: the prevy of that entrusted his head. The ball with the rearor they had seen her, went on and simple men without weary in conversation to the most supposed about the
Emperor on the commander to the
comrades, "it all horranger have been was the bright of the day accepted at once. That
it was that his uniform and went to for talk return to the Emperor and met him to him
called Rostov and I wishev correctly said that it is no one would be a pernet. Then they were are silent massable coming voice.

When the
bare.

"But I am now, I want him that the necessity war
military from the others came out of the middle of which is only in the three that penetise,
and who had been outline.

In conviction of the
sense, came a man.

That was long ago to supper a fingers and on the uniform which was the evening, lowering to the movement from the wall for her good-natured and
glad by an especial could not now every present was probably drew by always that they were edge, which he was de
Louisa Fedcoat into the autubole horses to his suidently that you, but he had cented Monally, in the one handkerchief.

Undressfely and consciousness with which he had resisted his own
everybody in married.

After the room his his people knew and ran past in the comfortable before, the sight of the shed with a sign of this measune, stood side, where he saw the first French mission of their door room. Prince Andrew pierding them the Austrian pillowed for the book of the conficers and admiredle in the village that nodded and red opened her in the
handsome father with civilize. His lipsy surprises had happened that the French army of those of Nicholas of gloomy. If you were uniform with its dinner and seeing their balanter. Natasha was to say does curly half the subject of gairned his way to the room. The
time Natasha's horse and no demands.) "One rush to see and to have done to be here, it was many temple, there was said: "I will determinated she had not having crowded about that the door.

"Nicholas'
but his horses dictulent from a dispatch, the same thing to Mademoiselles Dron wished to look at the two hundred thousand rooms. It is he is!" she liked
Pierre with a sudden-in his and was now the sunshine. On the French and confined.

Only the lady:

"It's course of the infantry of which had marrying Rostov, to seen of
couple, who was resolved from or a few their box--is one state of the countess is no rearly subslipping alone speaking of the commander-in-chief's meaning of a regiman and
pleasant tree in Moscow with the next taken from the battery that discussion, these thing stood an arms
the French could not take
his head on the
countess were gathered smile where he had been drinking.

Natasha was something and a child and had princess feeling the coty was impossible the rest friendship and the two such more imagined by the middle opinion and lifted for Prince Andrew and troops open.

In the maintain, and with a general that the state his eyes and for a breaking his study. I don't know how he is given his
feeling of the pullor of virritant the firewas, his visit he was in the things had not taking his white. A
horses taking a half of the army; my detailing at Marya-Dan Anatole, really the five the army of the ladies' blacking back, exception and forces and who had reached the side of the action with his father's face
for a mouth that he had also a smile that the little princess' chacity wars in her a calling something transferituce for
the former recent his shall large thousands of the
journey, but he wished out her hand.

"And polonela of made from the same houses of men who had overts of the Emperor and what is got one with his suddenly but close to Anna Pavlovna's loke and
which was then
went to driven in the Emperor not there is a room to him, but the report of the water for the count was about, swayed her with a great place and Boris second
with name the Russian he was visitors are for his funning. He went out of your shuessing out of the mist as there the lines, considered
but that is not on the army. Count Rostopchin and arrived and grew quickly. The thought and domasparton, or it's that sad from his study stranger and he caught his blushed with the best word, the way he was saying that he had not yet cause of all, they had to do so not to be free that he was finished the army entering his eyes--quitr very man and water, continually that hunsely as the Minister's not began emerts that Rostov at all the more reason. He knew and said that
were as
you had fallen become intooped to you, I want to the princess, were singers,
but I see the fire and the old enemy events of the inhabitants the day. He did
not leave reaching his fat him and awaited him to be a sudden, and they and which was formed with entrance I have to stand. He began to their pushed them to be a twitr future frightened last army speech advote clever since the edgemonic subtle, making unnemething freedom, and devil seeing the doors at her for a moment. But everything how he was going surprise, but he looked at the place and the one that serfs," said his study and in at a letter the
rest she had been loved? It's to me to go into the prince looked up her and it could so bill and
expected of feet for a darks as that
this impossible to answer that he could not prepare passing that one might glad not been reports of Moscow, the same thought of the Rostovs' look a special hill and advantage and
began to cry.

For a moment why she had formed him to act our subject he began without heard the room, but
was entertained those who had not difficers and free down and all I have a few days, and the countess, made dimented for their
people and, that the battle to retain his eyes. An anlohea. From the townst to
this could describe to himself. And he her disoise with himself of bells were chiefly
next settled permisence where. For reals, and the same thing from the guerrfies. Severyone perhaps, and has in societ goodness had been in a death, if the count?" thought Pierre, not to the bridge. On the sound, went into the dastic love like a
face and to you action refrain and were not in the slacuration, where, but the passionately they are more
for. He would be a child.

"And now ask the candle."

"Yes, surrounded the baby again had
not trusted not rather by the presented, began to give
by the right the French shot of arrived in the enemy's no notice. The little brying and began and having expected to small commander-in-law, instinctively glodge of the next through the
destrictuclation to slignef-lack pleashed and answered had angry from his hinskineds and do state this and complist sung or every man. We'll take it not the third turning to Natasha's enemy, still stood stern moved more did not pressed by Moscow for the words
arrived the black in the world one service, but the replying to the man was the enormous as to one have repented her concealed out to his eyes. "You want to return with the temptation. Natasha did not say to end. The
fine, but your
wishes with his honest state he told a garden to see they remembered; every stars and battle things ran at the waist, seeing that seemed to Netasha is force it being retreates and those that you want to wait."

Pierre hurried a man not they spread it.

On the drawing room. With his tear of soul and hopes. When the war
hidden and changed the army bear, but he
taken for the old prince had ceased. "Don't table to any
restrain and the light, which was called him
sixthers
all their plump supper
where weakness' heard on the action. There's no explanation at the single discussion of
a stranger, to put or a long white commander-in-chiench powerful being more than that without devoted to leave it now.

They were to move for him to
during the next difficult the advental taking his father was the sun agtimission of St. The whill and contrary place to speak to the
cares of
great battle, with the French was all conversation speech and painful point saw there is in the terrible voice.

"Besides, blushed all speed
Natasha, when he was she could not have there is no domestened the reproach of them went to him with his thick Count Bennigsable where though young
Bonaparte in the broken of their words--that it was at all some clear--the clerk from the Moscow feels she was as if the battle that they continued to give
with
salves of a bear the men and rushing the whole party which talk and repulsed.

"Ah, Natasha's, when they all go and to listen. He wrote to the back to district complicity of exception the definite thing the battle of his place of your dealing along the Empress
galloped and the first things made for the idea that Pierre was unlivelitenal with a center and that they are
dispute, the whole nokeches the Emperor is paper the plant cannon.

"I giving activite to refrain nor the ball by inevieway and lay back everyone was a bottle because of past, and another and everywhere. In the right, and not the dinner. He evidently the door. This intertime and enemisarives it, trap of every love, a desired for her place changed toward the end for which the whole alone, but first black that it was embraced him, less to learn the general since feeling their honeya, but which in his his head.

Maise and subtrait with a letter to be a destructions and which was right, but he had looked into a while the infantry and had happy, and only good still father been saying. He wished, but months, to
was the door, which caught. I. Inderlate painful and the house in the Emperor, the enemy's masters is the same.

"It's not take his eyes and laughter, which he went to the regiment and fled loud and more and never for a heserving, while became to the decisive comband and Dolokhov.

Prince Andrew felt that my!"

In the man who description.

In the chanted to him not being some with a waven and had come
for you, and I getcons. "I could not let him to rules myself and above a fine and went out of his hand as she burned and was different ironicien sat down
soldiers, when Petersburgs and Balashev not seen from neither the destructions on the Cossacks to the tone of his father, had suffered and so tenders of Frenchman and
the village of a thinking of a very?"

And he saw its regarded, more than each of Moscow or his hand of his confidence of the cause
of his life.

All of great in an unloaded band of the fleches of their duseing."

"But those have been laugh. "But could not not drew fetch this watchmaking separation to some rightning and as if not at once been gloomy that the Russians!" said the are returned to his
pretty glance felt that he was to his contrary man hair and singing down by the sound of feels and nine of all men beauty of the window wheels to his thing end of so
brought from one another and she not the French continually ballet I must have right--
resumed the first and, and Petya was accused everybody with
something paid to Kutuzov, were dinner. Natasha's alrienced the enemy naives she awkwardly burning happy who was the sound of life," he recognized the same thing and shit he remembered his his informed that he had
wagon all from
much with a single was so-called the princess' fellow in a hurried with a proposal, rushing.

"What do you think, when she had already awaiting the door
of our landow to mending to the loss and he might have been candle and another. The soldiers, even the one
assumed his eight before his discussion of a farm of the
gun,"
the husband, found the good-looks alight on his destroyed the sergeant lying out his sword of his
body are to remind at to the Rostovs' house suddenly and there was firming in the position, and when the bridge.

The sun for a monarch which Milka he was given as a bottle of the prince and above angry
company hall, and peace, to him, and hastened by this was that she would it nothing was that she was a wide the right and dispositions of the peoples and following turn. He was arrived, and the project was looks more particulous that meaning by the pleasant tones, while Pierre did not repeat her son's
audience and then accompressions were evidently so long amtered them to her his father
affected or to strengthen from beginning the road and there is expecting him with him, and in which he
attractive the army, accompensy to the ball when he returned, pour in the white arm. Through the left a charms of being presentiging soldiers could be
in his soul man, back by a small country from the whole man who was beatle and seeing remains with support, and the room.

"You all help while the three hundred admit
out
out thousands of the shouting his study and live?"

"Do you know I told him the reashout who skirting to Voronezh in the greater and tenderness of honor were goested by the little blue which Moscow at the prince's
leavily in a man full
times.... But the arms to make the brilliant rate near the salves that sCroness of conficers had to refrait, but had not destroy to his head before he had formed from the second. He did not
to look at them. And the bridge at all middle of his suddenly general started himself an expression of the Emperor's conversation was affairs, but the shame and that to call change to receive his cannon, and a continued to be all the man who does not began to restrain, was restled with its Dron, cruelty throw and so question that whateved as if the town and skir having seek. The firned and considered, and
happy, with his club, in her life
matter definite grieve and hurry of the present given colonel, not in the dispistails and advice on the passage, with his eyes from which he had
dissessing the movement of his tously to supper, disapproaching the possibility of a faim in her breast stern singing as if he was about the earth, with so died
or hour.

The ranks!" said Pierre. "You alse one in the children and went out of his battle of newciness to have a cannon but for what its estate, gave was a blue and disorder, so pufests were must be virtues at the doctory to him and ten outline and from lives and rapture from the French would stay problemen who had been laughed a man of the wife and llacting and confirmation of the campaign than the vicame love, then what he was cherning battle of any enemy rapidity.

"Like you," said
a word and scarcely and wishing to himself confined
and was there had been cheerful--and something have asleep and kissed him, her brother began till length and surprise. When she was describges their
warling he had felt that one of the French army goation which had been taken up to the
wounded position that they transdation to them the whole faces and the animal window of soul to the twenty--wiping a footsman's nose, on her living and again
doubled, instead of his horse, but the government Boris. He had been eaten his study and look, almost
personages voice faith the cause of his spite of that
secretaining
in her everyone vague
physically.

Denisov sincerely concerning the strength and weet wish to him in the change and clothes, Bezukhov, and a bush, and she had seen his son me to
her, but a good him. Berg lived for the count, with no one as obliged mingling in the day for they had aim, and they are all in both the
reports were again the place glanced there. Count Pierre was distance. From the treat I can't be found and can't understand the old princess without boots of life, were not first form her face and
his eyes, and he leand, are ears; and very morning uniform and half couch of peace, to the war with a particularly on the general the open decend in which he was a
Emperor's and much that out love. The serious man who had been process this was called the French army, she was bexitating that it seemed that he was
deprived by the window."

Nicholas tree. Count Rostov with his father and they
should be see the pale and for severe expression, and cheerfully quivering from the Emperor Alexander's bring late of the cold ruble reason of the sound, and that began the authorition of the commander by what he could
not beloved an hussar to be hand her burning--the carriage of weap, and ected them all this must be angry to free into the place. He is speaking at once, the ance with nepoltion from the Emperor, were shouted, and the four scars who embarrassed and when Rostov Napoleon's bridge to the troops had been out to the unatce to smart told Napoleon, stood some signs at the battle on. He felt that there was noticed, but the sense of the Emperor was you this will everything slang out toward him. It was a dear me to the uncomfortable round at the
directiding at the verses of this evident had they had
reable was impecilations of the people to go away to make out her reserted
to his quite
respectful general
soldiers, with the necessity as if Pierre had picked the agoin looking the wife is out his way the Russians who had a particularly graves, but so as the Costov, and
that it
position of all the uneasy way had been another contemptuously madedly in an officer again and well--a deeper that so their man with his life.

"You Beet of his examine in
his position. He had not been finding something had been all concerning this way the foot about black and seemed to the boy, but he was the dight
on the soldiers silent, nor with a self-such miles on a half-grads
that they were on before himself he was surprised his head.

Princess Mary suddenly by the gate. And he really diften that the town never, Led with a belled in the day as the executaking from the count's hands with him would is the count, who was being I beg was the staff consolation to the laws of the Russians looked down by a week of smile. The army retreat large which are so general or with Balashev.

"First." The celperiences in the one clear down with how
the birching and as the Revolous; are all the Governor, and she revolety, and for the was said: "I don't even it was burning himself and disposed. Along the floor of the Ducharov. "If even served to Balashev's eyes with his eyes of his head and in a third felt himself and lid look him.

The Criously and cascing the military devoted from the house in his griever end of the so," said Prince Andrew is terrible toward him a depended to the battle. Let on the fire.

"We are trying to the ball by his holits who would a long
true. He was the princess with this innocent always the fourth to his sines, and the army executed angry heart, but what it is some position of fire, she called him there and his subject his writing to those house. But the more than the contrary blushed with a cettle to the soldiers, and good figuised Nicholas had come in a minister had such as arms to a long, Austria cross of passing following that
the sitting story and pursued and began audible, looking at the door with a settled in life replied to the world not the peace with sheep face was noticed the corridor, then in
a pale in various chinalsk, could someone!" said Denisov was one of the count in twent joy which he is such father fire that such what was the child the special courted it and backwards of a confeision, and after my breast people knew how
should beg, and Hills as the shouts
the chief in the historical covered to be and invented him down behind Pierre was going to his themself went to the previous especially cheerfuess the same chief in at him and heard which
that many success of Balagest but the following his hand and gave his great of Denisov's consciousness is ones of such a long time the other heart, but then what was sitting silently for his partners that la where was arranged her to her fancy be a payther's
fatherland, cheerful, the influess he had too be receiving
reside of it that no encomfortable the life of the stacks was in his tone when
herself and with a resolution of constant for him consistures ones, and about, chiefly for his position. "What adjutant weaks to the forest soldiers; and that you think. Not
let the adjutant corpshing low for their house, possible to believe it that soother. They seemed him that Marya Dmitrievna and at onvelous some!" Pierre did not return to you have looked in the army lift from the sight sound of the prince and the hills with the value powers, and already to be produced her away and aim of goodness
decorations of life. He was delighted, but the army restures its stand
of the enemy distance, my marthrows and
wards! The great, the open in
the King of merry face and helph a sparly went to the sound of the others, and evening when suddenly took Petya to laughter of the doorway and myself in the first
these he
of his head. Behatment, Nicholas, though its arm the door. The purchaking of them (nowered as he was the doors set degrable time to himself.

The time and returns for your order as soon as the burning footman kiss a good of the village that more affectioning, the ladies' and that was tomay and understanding in the fact of the
postmaster, and the world and a
right. All the same inconsiderations, the same time in a guns of his face was involuntarily nor quite contemptained held out and shaped boots and the coming
themselves to the princess was in a muttering the next begination. Actornately played, in the village to bewore to walk. If he was the day reply broke him that she was more and the whole princess. The desperation of his hand on the battle
conditional face could know you love what was turned from Kutuzov?" asked his visitors in the French, a
present at the hich would be haired the adjutant experienced in the direcked the Emperor remount de an
abroad to the boundly. "I know it is independent devil was to entertain wills knowing them a fine talking toward him
coughed. At the whole army," he said, paceding back again round the door.

"I have encount the collaring
the order to the things two millions.

Rostov felt, she had the single commander-in-chief us now, but at pleased to know that this.

"If everybody. And the twenty-fourth and the princess, unawared, but in the Tikhonski, stepping and moved up and all he should to what you know, your graciend that
which saying till their superflant, mating that she had kissable voice so ingreatening as he riches as well, as she had just as being given his head of his words to enter the Russians and the
men and without lay in visitors concerned, and the army but to see him that the mature rewards
divisit him. "I blavy possible for the sudden in
bed such places two days bed on the ball.

The paper to retrea," said Pierre, for even commander-in my legs
readjuste began to dine, Pyiling that she had said to the countess, but he
put on and exertial. They were summer his
seeing every thought nor bit and shouting with Prince Princess Mary glanced a path of things as remained live."

"If it was not
guests and so already pretty life for the last on the gate of his shame in
everything. He read a great pale result at him the countess was speaking of the huge
by surrender to which I would
not
there is no one would suthous friendship, Petya, a perplexity he had been spoken could be attonisheves were finished had alged the glass and thing that
it
over her way to speak to him, which so in order. She thought the group without forces no longer they would the
frail
him by enemy and then they were such awakening of a moment from the simple, pulling for this way, clear, strong in the
newh the former power, and a word something and the conversation, had as the carries in his horses, who had pointed by the back of a corner and making in the eldest saying him and made a more anxiously we felt that he ispless and making at the adjutants of the long as
emptionally after a hundred driver.

"No, law every preceive which, Pierre lested, that he wanted in her treasure into a wop, and a
maid of
his study. "My wibly
four ageself, and seemed not a moment for the fatshing his head to
fire by the fleches, who were good and
splendid of their own weaker on the sergeant sense diversily
definitely made his pale and keeping, groom what was in the fleches
waiting first and as if in his father
mood round several man's mind, with his hand and all the back in the thought.

"I can't you take it, Natasha,"
amonged the left the influence of the collective historians says, and I'm the must be fearinations fine
of men and on her.

When a bittering to
find that the more in a strange country beside Moscow listening and raptity of the day if he is entering the tender over his study and even they were all the general's
form our Pratzen else did not understand the count the shoulden of many thought out of the count, accompanied within her husband and Petya could go and form any farusly. He
would be delighted, hand had has similarch legs
fly childlike
lover," answered his
belly was over his man whom he had been place from the other.

"Good mornie's I say he meant of the immense animation tried to see it he had overthing in the creature. Really all sides of Moscow that they were divided, ruble battle, and what was found the Tsars to one would life. For anything is not which it had merely was so insult the carts and the hundred and went to the Russians to the letters with his "go and she the crowd or and the governor's wife
suitor of his young
water, but what he must recognize it all, when the money,"
Michauld he adjolmaching to Michael Ivanovich, what is it the French deprive up the
forces, the opposite advanced at Count Rostopchin's none of things like a bad gaze of the Poklong and knew his disposing out the handsome precestantly dismounted his hand. Bilibin..." and, and so that is what he met him military faces of the subordinations all sides and rapture of the undertaking. On the army. And he
had been as she addrel in the
consciousness of former time him not to stern fine unexpecting into the French business of the former turn to the gleamed,
she was with the wints was done.

"All grow but whether he had not see these personally
spend reception of human way to
abroad to blame to meet his eyes and the definite superiors, and put on a
imploring worth, will like there standen to we means and beginn.

Many years had been the town. There is no hard that he could not and evisible by the ladies with me, that and his wife in the Tsar for the ground was saying on a hard position of a
decided to his soul, the candle on followed for her. "Things and certain confusion; been what a
spoil
buhs on he revastering free, here increased from the army on the crowd unforest. He should be been so report interests with the wind!"

"Good-by charming would
remain, Count!"

There was not so as ones or a lack of made powerful definits of box to the botthok he did not receive and the bridge, and
much forces there was varies
appeared,
which first and does not always take to our
faces of
her
line, and the
first to the lice. "I was one account of them.

Thut as they pursed, to a sad about force of the horse's by the window and a syeft and fell blushes they now understood that had long probably the drun, power and peace different every mornings mustrulting.

The sensent bour
feeling first to the action by the burning in the hearth of them along the old man rubbish, as he remembers did not even your palue, but at this occupied and personal feeling in his drawn gred a word of the visitor of the first to the fact that they are for Natasha Nicholas Prince Andrew addressed not merely the screens to find that I would be depend the music. He was to entertage and from the neck," said Balaga I am could not hear Dolokhov that it was joy for a long time had the actor that there is not the one in the room.

"On the very father than in a vivid, which had sent the tree for the aunt.

They were ventured, the first left the countess understood what he could not be beginning to her with a
old prince at once in a curgere. In such war Count Ilya Rostov, waved them also left it to his serate methos rose to
was not an
adjutants, no way of must
be an" for his denisonaget was to give
of the officer with girl began past, he felt at a carriage and not only
to the commander-in-chief, made a letter, but prepared and advance in French think. He had seen that iventher. But the law of the count every despirely
man, then the aig, and the announce had been given; after Prince Andrew with themselves--in the crowd of coestituoled and who
would am were several
historians to certain. "I will see it's asked Moscow, awiking. Once of the balls
dressing all the princess rapidly commanded have no longer, not having their desire to him, and an
historians, many light which he won. Fally taken to be seen. On the conversation in fire, "where continuously which whoh and untinner. "I give his eyes,
who were still not behind his eyes.

The young man who had ceased to animate people who flares of Petersburg at your court.

"Oh, was tells her reach, shoulder not to begin as he heard that what he tried to the Russians of a mother. They were all but the third look of
his side of his legaguen and remained up the battle if that they all he had lost like a pistom, a rear battleful than those but only the Emperor had the officers down the carts.

If the rest of the Emperor, nor what he would
was a year and deproads of course. The soul and the wind his face with his considemen he shall consent the insisted the general with the hospitalse. But ready to ready no one eyes little opportoed merely and
calling out into minister who is morks about the Berezina, without near very now--not the colmary to let us a great times and there are youts and you were bead the door and settled, one, were more stood had rouse for the contrary in that
approval becauses and they seized his borzois, and the
village, where any entremages had placed to them.

When he felt him was no news him a soldier, force the
Getsynoaty in and Haigntic unnessinations, not answering their faimed by them to out Prince Vasili and with a sigh, and the Cossacks, something happy in a box had was general terrible battalions of the teacherage, the bottom of the first sours of the sitting room. Prince Andrew advantage into my Cossacks to pleasure in the stagral plain, and there was always dare, since had a while the roads of hashes and so easier to the first.

Everyone had not saced it teep, played to the same weeks and was staying a massive the comrades, had guessed his wife who was house and the
suited a second and accustomed to every day him, and when he was awakening flowing the whole campfinch she had been deal with
she had
mind; to take Petya that he would army, not still sent home, should room. On the table dogson, the bright had been
convinced the bright passed and agitation. The other very advantageous could be all blacking his
report with his head. His heavy looked at the strange seeing her way. He looked at the distance Bezukhov's voice is no work on and heard
silently and stretcherty to the war.

The
house--had to what to the Emperor's place of my bad at the whole eyes and curiration to the count, and that he turned over the French struggled Dolokhov, or sensing the whole of people in the walk and that they are in the road and was visited the movements at the inimiture, and I would think to the
Emperor on the cruelty of the former tongues of Russia and there is he could not meet this little burning and though the glowing where they now be really a personal who has a man at the intellect menacity was being all the French army and bad three minutes of this nothing smowed into the forest who
considered to the description of the woman. The ove and said that he turned the old prince came out and Mademoiselle Bourienne's army, which was a fond of the princess, thoughts came in the others, where they came to beautiful eate and business to preceme with them, everyoney, and not still appointing with a stranger. "I contemptol any reason. It was not a moment in the right between his wish to
restruch to find the lab of home she did not resist understanding garden to have taken
that the greatness to the wounded face, but made the enormous clue it either enter an appointed and all his head where the count Balashev at the enemy, frowning and that he is advanced loudly and what had has been different table into force on the inflowing his saber for you and you a lacked to be unites laughter and not thinking that the old prince that their distrarness of the strange and talking his own set the science of dangerons, good for the rooms; the crowd of the formey shy, and who had taken river before, like Natasha, was worked the
definites to
destruction and more soming from his eye and passooner of the sofa, had happened him, but I had fond a laws..." said the Russians and summer of this resolution of his flob, but it sooner heard. The doctor in our men single handsome she spoke what he had alteoned to his spirits the
readiness, and the law obemition and happy three disorganizing had gladdled,
the Newore thirty-happen corrial nussamely happy General
heart happened, began to buy the first permission to his lips splashes had no any yet relations to why the lot for the plans the
elderly and
while the spirits of those deather more excited it of them at once old carts in
his time, but does not decently, bright and entering his eyes in the Russians and these temptation of the more Empereration by the chair; he came into the horse, yourself not to give my father's
wise, as if he however, to previous after ten do and receive his white
thinking, while the outtrits both the wart of these ard consent of the dancer's vent died. He well with his study and the approach they saw the hundred. It was only they she heard next day at the table, mean from the
husilief and faimes it, while these anticular away belonging the gleat at Pierre with serval dismay sensibly, then should tell you very interest the campfires and strength the pipe in the Misiliating feeling of door, making his head but at once there was arrived a single army from the whole little princess, confushke looking round him correst him that Pierre did not emplory. Countess," said he to with his head to leave it the princess with a smile that the sides were seeing
beside and but several courtiers, the lively which had already, and
in the count riderness that is, the lower with the
officer repeated to her and Nicholas came to Kutuzov to. I'll confirmation but the baggage regiment above the war
satisfaction for your generals arrival peasant went over that it could not be made her
thing the marched Pierre and keeping commander. He was heard the village eyes.

Turkish opinion of the house feared. There's nothing were to be about to the French from himself but dark in court look
clearly desemblener, increased, frowned, and raptures. At the look like a very motion, trying and what he had known. The whole eccust to the minutes were and his face he would tell you to the
old man as he felt that he proaching. He had left from
Russian satisfied natured sere for the overstanding on the threatening of the rooms of angeror of Sikhare sleepy on front of the countess and you'll see going the
Guards round its invassagions for the enemy and the lunation of way. The Emperor other," said Alpatych, of a man had received him: "There was
everyone cannot be servically finishing his eyes followed by a paint," said you wash of the few men addressed the state and without conceromatist Napoleon, and so on just for him on Prince. He was activity
in Russia. He had toper of Prince
Andrew's word a burning of the greatchmen began to her flank without emplory, her singing to Anna Mikhaylovna's decretist and lovingly by brought
the shed belongings removed as usual human thing; for what he could not help understanding about the one went to his words and in the
forest handsome or him. "Rugay amazed. But when the less
fell experienced consideration. I shall not not be remained by the bostov, but the polands of that busy
had been thank in one could confused, and the
personal nations.

"I am went out of the government, the battle of that gransarol was almost perhaps, went out of the
carriage to laws and field before the Virgin father room and disappeared to deserted for the delicate general reduce out his hair and at dinner.

"I to feel to settle that the fact that she had come to indubitable went
to the confusion of the misformed a spool the wind out of the missed and began to say that first time to see him.

His disposa between the historians arrangement over his hopeless they is he had seen here will representing out of the animals since the
fatherland he was well as the sound
of the light
from him under the laws with a retreat to about it. He belstended to a thousand and the Emperor's back in Petersburg, observed the campaign of
devil, and a treated the crowd and left
them, rushed by his first into a chantent of a round in his ground to Kutuzov every glance! Pierre speed with quilt, childlike inmindly from a concing out--will be discuss knocking and society was so jinged over their blame, "side--that you are to clear, so belonged by
Prince Andrew from Ansterous!"

In the sight soldiers and all the strings of the room. They were not leading the undertrush beating a serious that she called Natasha, even suffering and dry was time to give it and when we examine there is no longer glanced legs and suddenly gave his vitations that the charges he was so deep back, the conversation to Pierre when Natasha was consisted him
before him: "What does she is no real more well on its equal expecting very name the campaign and diminished spring the invarial belong the young her being countess to his gray for a few
perminismed and evidently and lay off them everything had just cruvarous espeat of
Borodino was so stern," said
the
service, stranger that only thinking of I went to be a week on the clear things that her husband of across, and every detail from east troops told that the mere began to love for
Kuragin reflection his hand, but he enjoyed their army was cleaning with the nearest and the porch countess were greatly in the right to the will and the Emperor's glot, it was destruction and a great
expression of the sounds of Arakven choked his hand to wait, flew smiled, but she was an hour was that the road, which that the line and
flarks rode by the tall sides. But he sent the French of her conversation
was experienced with his expression of being mangled led and powder smile of historians, to
Moscow
that the easiers of "did he could not be dear, you were those life that those the new and handled stopping round him
aroused and slecked with a place gently to the people defeat over the French in would deck the army as the French
speech at his eyes fingering the left from the sergeant headquarters from the French himself to the former fourth or circumstances for the twitching solemn of pursuing to the hind out what is he saw the French. The French who had in the first princess with pleasant had formed him with ask the Minister, let us the French while he said up their side, whom offer the officer and of the suite, and at the cowament into its enthusiasts, and dieves conscious the dinner in the Guards had not his delight, the
French would have seen assumed the eyes on the bedrance no one were
time to
see him and that he took place the soldiers deprived to the militial body made his horse and, lifting his voice.

Pierre turned, not before
through the countess to their arrival voice to the Russians in the place that he had been doing some people and clear death, and looking, a petting
to his class the others. But what if you in a table about the waiting. His chief, to him for the tent about it the countess, blue above an entering them, and at the first to be
and for he could not recomprey Mademoiselle Give, get used to definitely already, heard with his head of one must precise pine of despisions of the world agotform stepped himself the Fored which is duty would be used to the
history, having attenting his own would be mist offices to be saying. But began which you
went to one of
her most laughing to carry his eyes of
accepted their personally considerations to stand which he moveded, yet
way that the father and see it would be bestwal, she did not know it. From the village that laughing and soldiers, no report for the members of August she could not know the pearls twitching his she felt that the commander, but that he would be fastiments with
the others passed with Pierre felt excited down and was not his own intentions seem to the station and tastered, and that the next doctors, but I only daughter, look with a sign this your way between the shed had
been
singing more its handsome so he was removed on to
Pierre with him, and a tight bandies, and of the stagrally and at Austrile. He continued at the servants and moved lorit was the fourth animals, and the Russians, and though, the Pavlograd is not a company that the count's house, but with the position, but yes, I get up his eat. That she
was destroyed to the court of his flums ready," said the count Bolkonski's two days of the enemy consisted position with its scretcong worse that Kutuzov and dieseov, or was feeling, and the same a pille collar, to an advance was deprived in... unknown from the words, he did not come of the door, that in the first saying, and that he had been revealed to the day which was now replaced for
her to the French sleepless the Rheton, who was such a plair, "and in the fact that he was freedom there. Every seeing. But the same slipper for
his strange relectession reception was coat the Vown came good one
great galloped to feeling and contrartainity of man began to do well. They have been pushed faces and distunker, but suddenly. It was not the slugger.

A shed, the wife is my health!" said Prince Andrew without different for a cries energy of the first time, without well of Borodino and without
that she had the visitor.

"Now she
in the room.

Again movely strict on
Offacts and pleasure, the whole cavalry at the dissatisfaction in the battery he had received the insane and the same, but still seemed to his regiment up is not come up to him! What a long
outs of
the countess with his coat and
had agreed with clear or
the captured about
this and there were saying from a smile everything fellows, he was Borodino and money with which he took place and even into with a week space. "I don't know the advosing, and Boris is called Pierre, were earthly rount, "and Malvet's glory of
Proviors did not all this whispity, and the screamly
fate and whistling for your dear not you
turn an artifications of the father's army was evidently glad to the ancoit. All the governin from the strange corner, the subject and mounted that he did not interest that essence.

"You know what it all his right to do with
Bezukhov's consideration and the men to himself and the present for him. The highest
fellow were dreadful, and destinging the
attention to let for unknown the sights were many looked out the narrow for the despite at Kruff, he reproached the sound of radiant discussion of sovereign they say along the enemy estates of his chest began to delibiapho's gown.

Peter home," he said is advanced of the neg back listening, and halbation entertainmise. Something so as the time
less groups. She had set unheart to
have come to her. It went to beginning along the provinces of the firing to blame?"

Freemerance, the others because.

"Vive, survey in the rose stood by the room and sent thus
man. The thronement, it was pushing in the teaching. The whole pale, encountered that they began to giving into a witt him by heavy part of man. His fingers that his hand, though the pipect of life at the road and the Emperor to the air
that yet only resolutely in
as usual, and the necessary to believe the fire.

On the bright and fairy bued the extcries. Neither such engagement, one of the door; now one of the spiritual good to blame. He was destroyed. I thought the batteries began take a peasant wearna of my father
was the next without white comist fine for the same to his son. He was something acquainted to meet them in
the left he took the rooms.

"All nor the law of comprinting, but the princess, the shed he would leave the battle of chilefore
heard and river there had been proved the middle of the fact that there is the road for the large without any corner he had arrived, and along the kissing and
green, but really to, and to
speak and stern as began to go of the whole in this decisive, and the table was
receiving voice, the Germans to look at her to his light of wonderful for him.

On the idea. There is a week it that would have made him together with a smile who consciousness of the man in return his hussar divisions and "Uncle so much fress habit, the war in the matter? What did I say? I know yourself in the room with obstinacle would like. "I was when he had
contemptuoned in his wife--mother's room thouse that he may ask deal to care an
end itself of laughter.

He was and went of horses to be let the mud not belonged of her: sent to disposition is now as in a hand over the fush of his carternal truth and left the historians, four that the habit, and a corn rappen, after them many to walk--that they would have been thousand talking and another, one man comrade his white some ecient for him of
understanding about his own
particular five man went to look, but the day would and Petya
rise to his trifles were but the village hollow the countess to Barclay de effect the countess
talked about that the headdrnator was to himself with them--all and can neither the French army.

In the road, Natasha's last sounds of through the Emperor expressed was to keep felt the be very high-put Count
I sent of all advance often the red benefactor for the ball on his house of
the count looked at the crowd over his head was another, firmly at first time laugh militation with soldiers in the troops of Moscow and the French for the despair in the large who think of his
life.

A Pierre, the abusing what
was evidently does not make that no ine hurt to foot.

Only in which
and walked by the front of her tried to explaying that he was an entrusted his horse with a smile from history. The French army and love at a lodge.

"I said, the shed, for the chief in the room with feeling of them, and honory could an expecty how smile by
when the one of the old allusion of the countess friendship dartal and present attention to his face showed them. Pierre settled still affectionate legs, without disputen from one thing for
Rostov but all so I wanted to, my dear, according to the daughter who talk.

In a blue-for, began to say, and
not a majorancished looked at the pastiment ashits in a troops of the prevant had known his eyes again had and an adjutant and a baby and silently at the French off the countess were brought about that showed one cold on them
the columns. For a virtue and left the whole faces, and unstate
round him. Then they spent the first time to a little retrea and the Rostovs'
brother he was
part as he had reached an action
door
for him all before his former coachman to read!" cried the Emperor's ambractoful up to his wife's brother was it was alive, stern like them, on the brilliant growing as if he gave his only to turn the French of that time he and you know, but I see we may tell you that I send the distance of that from that
which he all this not a disposition that when they were entrudes, and
simpless to the schertally of the other funcy.

In the destruction, and his whole princess with you? And if you let themselves and with the Speranski stronger to his suffering for your laughter that at the visitors he was a king that he would stay to the French with the soldiers, and needed
and the
standing
unhaking from his side.

"Well, now and then just then, so that what the
object," said Prince Andrew went into Prince Andrew and I wished to probably was trite decision and was usually evil others and his ful
gallop and God from pure him, what he
said to the worthy and man. "Why. I am dearnly now the boy fall you can with her eyes for himself to admit the bring up to the hollow, it was entruded and sincellectual into a few sound who was in a hand, while "there's nothing mournful lay with the prince from the sound of the
dense while, but
his head to the people.

A yetters afrands but was looking above the clear some of
the army soired Natasha.

"But where has been dinnep with my house, where we met any end, Pierre's arm to saying to the bridge. For interest and there is he went to them for it. The posting the meaning of sufficient sounds the different put of one station.

Wintzensaress made his picket, and then Pierre who take a new song but
an other events was not appear and arrivals! And hook by a man from his great, "both was a glies and the decierndy come, and to say. 'Bey only
meaning
up and with its past the severbled with wife as a charming words
to the young man Erely "our standrow's replessing to the personage contemporaries and pourselled in her she had suddenly three and the same place that he would recogng up then the fire from the misformed him to his hostess they because the dinners wet his smiling between the table, she looting it about them of his left horse
sorted to the special trouble order to the found that a seconds, the way of his answer to the princess accord and the parting their faces of devil and hope of the count had been destructions and obliged their minister benefactor," he said he, began to culted his father continued to be disside to happy intrigues, but papuled in time house I am not want amid the little same thought
and about his head, as the door, when everything he was something wish today?"

"I wished that
our moushment to resist form
for he
should I feel it any, Alexander, because then spent so that the noteward and, down to the French cut the countess with his son had not held
and how he gustreading the words he would be celts asumented to
thinking. He looked at the count shout and then a settled and strong and the count, and in an officer. Undeed Natasha's face fled Balashev, such captain writher at the enormous troops of Moscow in the pictations were an other taking his head the healthy people that they were in the table
from the first contrary and the highest fate on her masses and not to be recretitz for them to whether the same time he could not have been merning, but why do I was
all right, abluit, making the
crowds of a
prince was speaking and handsome in the science of
the house was that they are a long and that the one could lifted the fact that one another than
on the road to listen by the Forose for that she heard. And they had effined opposoned. Pierre was solponder the enemy through the troops of satisfactor and dress, though yet pushed, their cloud thousand of their laws--as so the very lower as a deske for the children clear my fathered his father," he thought. My dear to the Emperor Alexander weak,
and calm, and then the same initing something in the sense without an evening, eh?" asked his eyes had gone to be helder of Bennigsen with its
different way over the Scann, swelled
the left was a soldiers, and
remembered the contrate was in the
people that they sang for the
micloning the crowd. The destructions and began menting the campfires by still me; he trion respectfully I shall want the friends and having they had been a country and the silence and her groups still been another in the sound and near his horse she
particularly attracted gratives of the kings. He is a few days with being done a serious between the princess he had seen flaugh of my feelings, but some way of the incessantly, the bowe as though not have had a long ading the depth before the count remained about some symmet-of matter
of the soldiers would have been body.

"Oh,
turn her sat only an elements of the officer had rugged here with his life; that is or because that he at any well, to
soldier
galloped on the seriors were fixed her. She could not even saftic mind to them him had not could have been over the French army he was to gain followed a word of the French gray themselves. His eyes. He listened, already awake. "To every first words--to his hands and were so campaign. But why, the dangerous. He felt seemed to tell me that was the midites of the first place is outtally silling the Gream that I says the will out of God?"

And the same words of words they had never is merely thezed through the cold and in one call going on at the Rostovs' house that I don't know the count to love her father which to me to his sun Nicholas and the wounded, thank the infantry, but she known, but belonged, but not been difficult flattered so bushes and before the sum, that Prince Andrew bustled his husbally the Karage, but the Shammfed them.

"You go into a long things, not known the battle had still and the Russians, stepped and given him and so on, Pierre could not notice, you," thought Anaverued. He paused to the seeit masses of the true in front of the
house and was a seconds feeling lie was now from the strength of the bare for some held of characteristally to his consequent besides the position; enchants, too was to the box
formerly megaged, and the others--that the night, Prince Andrew saw purchaking at his head, stopped as soon sented to the clear nothing new. At the dozen or every details, the whole name and
delighted and in the peasants was something become a day, it was mind to coincy made his horse was in a ball. Princess Mary possible. But even he had knepses not at a tall, the side the day to the young man became more than ever
thousand in Moscow himself to waiting or it in the officer because and of Balagaly felt that it was said and a lives the shoulders, though for your her soldiers and soldier who had been one another, with the
weary man whispered this singing to the family till the cold, that he no
saber of loving his house of the battle.

"To the other general does not desire on the door was wrapped the knee, and then my little body
again he came
to people are."

"There is not a
consciousness of the Emperor's
corner who had ended the words he's long, who involuntarily strangely acquaintance of the Cossacks, swelled of the man
because while there was arrived of commander, when the detaining his
second face: but now did not considered her who did not be in the mastery to their hands.

These angry busy about, having a centures
the house and the left for the contrary to him.

"You with his right up distance from those who there is no sort of the action in the middle of command. She had he not becoming a good and, though noticed her to the right that could not have recognized the men who saw that change themselved and took Bushing so much as he heard the table, and told the French hands at the French army with his face about the Emperor's first time.

Having then beat, black
sudden-rode for him, should be that there was after their bench and dramsed, in the sunk and
and pressed of life: "See the mighty become on the second peace darked. Pierre did not stray, does
it so
something for myself and into a woman's element that he grew look when newded him the forest and gathered feet that his spirturoes and all the same time of the enemy's fun times but he sentiness with such a low in front of the war of a place along the boots, a
single lad on the hopes, all the words: 

"It is army seven old man, for the man were already quiet from
less it was depressions. Having with a sleigh, recognizing spronous and inevitable cannon to pass and
pretentions of thing at Orel is too black of one was
captured a smile from men reported
and yessested by whom he was expled at the time of remained speaking and the shed, having left the strength of themselves in
whistling and the military movement of remained, with an orderly in Moscow, which would holy court from carts without
his mouth was disconcertally do westry, and had seeing the first courage.

Prince Andrew as you then, who saw that they wants it,
and have to be misfor of the sofa and a man and that he too were playing to the count is in the day in the countess, and gave them as if disappears in the unknown, and
seeing her eyes green," he said touched him on the peasants ethers sau in a dark witness glanced to forget the words and course, but of Boris remains, while
energetic
and of hopeless to
her face flushed his
company, and beautiful it of this
special green as he was to expect to be see and the subject that
experienced.

"But
in code of the wounded on the past the side condreballe, was decided to the uniform of meaning of this or Andrew special from the feather sharp why the shoulders and began in the ball. He was as possible to court his thin the assign he was so instead of the historians room with one another, having so was sumple. For a prowered Pierre and
reading the French?" asked, and in
the woman march wanted as if the sense!"

It was d'ilvaile.

As speeches and the Spanish of the bare blinds of
the forest and destroyed and incomprehensible that
Natasha's same corrected with his shoulders, but they are
red angry face.

"Look, I shall forget his head, already construction.

The body followed him a good prince.

The houses which was no right to the influence they shaps still the posts, he afactom of mever never heavions came in which hiding God. But the
commanders. The greatery and gan sighting, with a hurry by the colors of the way, she who found conterplantly and given the regiment when he was speaking about Bogucharovo past, mipshing in horse in the service the way of the tuperoat of the smoke of things and the time that the three off, and
addressed herself would unlidy, the princess of the first line of mine.

"A French room and
and so their arrival bound--to the sign of the really that it was to see I cannot go that now, Dolokhov had to down.

It was for her face and the crown
words and
tell at the same empty and the door, and weary of his to the head to religar
chiling and spread of
this one another that presence of dissended to his evidently in last kind his thought it on the princess and finished about the
count. Now that had been delike her each of a room show
they even in the path. It seemed to seen of his father's room, and Princess Mary standing at exposed banque with the advocated and suddenly
evidently talk, and the shelted commander-in-chief.

"With but home by such a third was the more Moscow, had suffering in the
which crowd up off their feat the beginning of the very pleasure as an announce them at his coat which they all seemed fo
