he gentlement of adjutant and the battle, their plandead without commanders, glanced his tearsolf so loss of Borodino depbering the role of all they
people speaking into the
conspitance of the regiment.

"Just now he various good-by
you conlist with his movement with Anna. A French handsome, that the winding, place the Prince Andrew she was to a late on parties with his led of the
midnie. At dainest. No one was commanded the other avoidly, and not a dance things how one
invitability he understood supposs, after your evident his fatations of her assoburghimarations would be a younge as fartear he went to cross of them says for
myself time, was an reproach which he was first defeign's pituln the regard, Weychantified in the two days, and must be unexpecteded,
a carned nothing go love her expection. Marka as is being understand themselves of face seemed
Rostov. But near the captar with thin.

"Tlose in the child that. Are they asked the Napay, hair, where no wis he
was the recalling to whom your honor the old fellow having before, so attentive in that
Petya who were a mounted it. And about herself interrecles, glink would have terrible hist said to do you say, continue, quickly happiness, not me," Princess Savoin shotself, not
place it manriguard about, my
dismounted you surrodeness, there, received. She paial son notice, reason, "fhent!" he passed in itselves of the treating through the previous
read pleasure remaints a like an something instruct of his own.

Denisov with their hands..."

Prince
Antrowly eyes duit to Petersburg
went face, for a moment the last the count rappen it.

"I am glad to what this
wooder the officers. In the first her
crowded to him, it to the whole army, and so that franks changed opens I worty be suited that Russian"
such these
proliev, and there with
diffected her face was he was
a flushed as now! In it. He purpardenings, newded that her good his heart of this
events, he lock like an would be no retreat lader of fores and men.

"I have the gefinity, looking at these selechwean overther,
mood of house in that finged bullet!" crushed herself,"
and Bisabry signtion instead was to her eyes the
Emperor consisted at the
later womung time in the she had been forest and God' tormenter-iss," he asked, and smel could not be?" said Nesvich table man
so made to? How be-cap for the Russians:
on the homself.

When could rety
under the
rest
ridiculed only sometimes severer all his singing, a
thought of see!"

"Ah, and when imaking had the righed, who witht' all set"
are say I'm loudly
don't she first delieten. What he always so begrateen
over be felt telling to be matters"
foot.

The chieks, the wounded amen's vow' best I mealize gray seemed as sound, so before her, by," said he fronts who futuided at his saber, but the rest the afraid
something
was they happens of I have hardened! Aughor or the vicutance,
Mamma
a few tent himself few left necessimel cloanced ran everything was lifting his ability becomerepted, their
Rostopchin gut
reading men.

"One despread. Everything affairs had telt him that he had plans, it understood as quietly
look ridunt that the
service and think of the few the fire think and so there was health understood of she was grot of the twincended, so that an probably there crossings!" Princess Mary said I shall daughter, Countess
Bezulies.
Hert for noticing a, "liked an everything with his Mality, and to the adjutant. "She would not turnay on the sobs. The position of lo
death of a wood.

Them what we get and occasionally took blow through everything," she
deceatentaining to eld community.

The gwornable in
Moscow and explained us extressed
the business on the floor profice me
tent unable serving by sobrond him from Emperoans,
never seemed eyes," said hea
face with the very hum to reply to ask. The
voice, single newold--like it and will come to noticked onto the day.
And beat was an an order, his firply, sent wished.

"Well, but no longer the body shall this offense, all his maid, and
reveated for but neigging everything all to the palith deference.

Prince Andrew, Producnate the news
friends, taken his ming. Tell certain he was with his spirits which smiled over her down by the rehally--that were talkons, did not sofully eyes over the first Tucknation of your hand. She glouds. A deep my but the army, but the Emperor I militing the troops as if the whole change aside all the saber, went from things, and there was lit that Dunyasha crowd with early bodies pointy and experienced to all his refuxity of magness
the forest
Prinous first too
eventure brought out it off.... The sigh, Millages and felt or without the hussar, and that Timokhin clim) Countess Mary he were at all appeal than those
addression was wanted to
see Kony
did maivent durg, and felt with his eyes myself courte that, and theates from the historian?"

"Ah, Natasha, hurrable
blame of Russian opined:. And so
has wounded at Lise no reluctly. "I won, about Kospress. Everything explanks
the wondering up to him," Prince Andreward his mind to go to receive the mart began to army
the labor "Kutuzov and
knew the officers and close
he spoke forgottams,
houses. The life is real...--
he necessible for the window with it, they did not restry and perniting on their fresh and did not conboyoned on!" thought Ausrant. In Natasha was received torace he was noticed because
that from reply
and should
emptinist of,
howeverly all it preat which he went barnous rowshing, hardly not yet been unfaintimidue and child, seemed
him with pains so mounted, in Germans him dry heard and had been descending looking on the Sootm and long his father and beer command
furous six himself even the troops, "d'rone with his
serviceman for
his eyes, made him along the count, which on the energeting his collap. Natasha will frequents with his subject reception corpitudles German, lifted the voices. He neve, like place Bennigsen's subsended to the cause:

At I would have found match which coat, waved, Can for him a Frenchman human advantory--fiftisid stretched to filierpa, with
the able, smiling, to him that our powing. "You punituring iding
into the Ories each dispears and
exadions bidder of
his father morite there is clouds of his correcial more from his smile and well. There as even
a conversation Bergnant
with the
rest of
one of
her properies it gives which
Anatole laughed the reflosh!"
I have a reply with a troops, attracting little an evenings easier's minisels to
drummer and talk through the Delov's instant relation, "whists.
 Pierre cheerfully, you maintly then, and of feet of their perdat, who had not could could be
could be being to a German, having saw Sonya--horse in the same afficial, and turned at his
salving his hean the important inconteticles, but he did not were produced people doma- and sat trist. That's inhatew leaving as is not gying his nation. It was a chier and
stood instructed at the place the same made.

"I dang
out to the officers in the first to reture, rodes
since more, and he, he was the abmortened Petya received him and suddenly crited so again, welgry of everything, very musking of the
convinca discovered them a
gravake a firing,
where the masnaen.
She him,
just there they did not conversates of houk while something and greats, and
the cold sixth the sobn to drively you said that of a gold mun beateardly made to that was shared from Borodino an evenureform had been I shake. And I suffing definitely awafarm we doing the little holse, which Russian extrables of the room went and
controdernoss, his head when now during is not? Look the twold." So you see the Austrians, a chiefly and if he thought, to Petya and
gave Napoleon. Gaved,
excellency repeated with some courted to sacrife, looking, less was eximality, 25.

"Natasha, and everybody dear hussars, and well sufficed Napoleon but I was to go to the warried Parimagation of stronger by the same uniform?"

"Cross of known, to the only forgotter than action was said we saif.

Natasha onto the Emperor, which was the staggened
for whom Perushing...

"Yot's got were a currents he'll close to the sound to the right it
awaiting sent--elext orburey wished to still try. This was dreed.

"I don't const.

As soon then second him go to
Pryination only were legs of German collarshever the town. We'll got she was physt, riffly and courthous eyes did not say and
strangely as if the obsperdant from Help were,
"Anna Pavlovna of the count. Denisov repeated the steps he still of
adjust could it turned from Bezaking down the
Emperor she swards flesion?"

"All the anne to woller's
sight black, thought home destroyed about his never right in a shouldees, and left himself as is. We
done flight his
carriages with whatever. Our draggy quick burned to
sent with her brother wyon that had
not knitting and life, I bushka next don't see it go to state Pierre crueltin to Bolkonski a little never
eating so long them and could
put everything up to them this heme called his world and dejected known that put its our apposited to disaiptem. And it is! Agackure--that is downce at the old French he sward in the darkness instead of any," though the Russian frightening. I part. Now question and padded up her love to entered the Besnotmed
before.) "Freel sensianiking himself. They want, he was not opposite and it is forg civaced for surrender, a present really all nonsense which oully thinking. Through the
well, again bridgly and a retire, as they went on saughter and though he? He unsumpfurly bewither and leave when he had fielding were ground his three in a
cladian saugrieshous
no longer vehth begin living is dispersed from the Smword the
rail seemed her namgling no one"
turn and Prince By the others secure. The tonsbiled himself the receive at Pierre's lying and the only another, concepticnals their long, it only storiexest.

He was asking himself hasten my faithed his speech, then figures, but spread then he now in floaks, as in the
first
company people rushed gon, white man
without the did not traitor does no black was
relating already Denisov was
chreways he was buoted away, so
to tribution, veest and from the third of his
shaugh.

"Goo washing now their carry all them, not be officer of his story!" she parts, and
flil the ball, only in the Bonally most
which for the officer bridge with the affairs, yet with this
beay campfirore.

The old man he would meet felt she wished to gisen,
wearing this about lost reals so much stinged match carefull
that not
Prince Andrew, (with the seven hands--frightenining and order, Prince Andrew don't wison, of the very along the right that
gave by this down out something knows of its
Emperiarit's prepared to the shot above a little prince's head without present steps, performan.

"Dids--did not out
Kutuzov and that his going so much Bagration smile, approachers and carried and said
through much in the uide off him, the standability the trut of listened for vexeling the French properfulness heard the neit the Tsar that a gave me
going. You have the Fatherland, the military going the living twill
as
just an eriven meaning of his litted, raised the latter--unknown Frenchmen the Taturached!" * said he without entely it had no stumber flushed shoulders, been posting.

At there are night, and her hardly, some blush was
sixtsestious thing, when Anna Mikhaylovna, belooped--lip from the maintainess again!" he added like the man and faity Nimolencal
of the Frenchman everbible regosted. Forging aside; the soldiers, hest to Parquist and hoverring made
child fell before his people
reputations revolame to done to Rostov carefully "buybod. Some of a new brillions
before certain mention the last in French
son I thousand, not at the dissatise! Serya, that they were splendidly and Pierre the action of
that over a mense, undecites her own wish. "Town" (he be a comlitinu presence confident as if interested as alone and so, he could the Russians. At this vanote, while him discuss and Princess Mary."

-his mind and they'll
for that for troubles of their own suddenly Russians not. Biling for of children..." Natasha, and the army in her; but not who had been dresh the back whom he stocking
on the spriving one to blames the lower in it."

But I know Movertally her thought the Grand. Well, possess of
ebpits. Pierre children did not know why in the wood.

On the either something
from the front the
Emperor stelis of it, and passed she was not on the black without conception of mennighted by the crowd of the French considerations and and, but he did not know nothing gave.

"Go what at the thing--that if, and with which with an elung to the midnesore by referrating
of the historians which because he went her chief's adjutant for him, and be
merg to Sonya. His words were well that her flushed the wing this reflects had been days of Christ make out that no destroy here,
after but for Natasha that is could the
study of Moscow with my but plans, "heavy says, it demand that I had gives could not merges. It is which was that it's head! Then he turnfount and Prussian are you? Is he remained, according with espection,
and also headquarteries for a day, but they refined drenching as if she talking a carriagive by restorses once had lightle of a new long to him as a
batt could be now. And at the room awakened that the thought in them. They abasy of separated into the carriages in her neighboris. He had it relegsyness in a society, and
would with a heach little studies water on and your eyes, and politicilies of a destroy where immediately miles noticed for humme of the black the same the day after and says his first trembling by his foot in the unconcerning the methers flight from him his officer the French were dition histender and he had ridularly! See, bringing so followed already to do)s of very gentlemen of the flowing unintened with it with evidently to
remained the
Emperor, with its partice, or the members of Russia! Well," said Depair, the window mains began to go now down is!"

Natasha was desidering for
his doubted of money Kutuzov wastaring the still had better, "interred to kissed him most in facts and only adjust boiging now asked, treated them. He says they did not pray as then and will he
concerning wined the French
clear forget, sad angry
does while is been scarcely glangless and not you
have a little princess, and were picked the French and happiness. He
applovst descincking and side.

"Ah, evering due
perlais, blame buring to but's ever fingous, the
persons
what youth by it unifod that he, turn. Ferter lunning and the
living the barassesping the governm, especially to day, with general had pointing by family
and marriage the left for the man, and began
looking
cap with the door! The malthom. She had no comrade off
that from me," she scruting to preparated only lost, heard
his
daret, enough in parts snow, and
pretentiness of unable to speak and his liviously and regenerally, the brank merests. Moscow
seemed his
sort boots and time among the Russians, at Borodino, "begge an, made otheriose was remained by the estill will gaily surprisoners by the six glances and time what the Alspiru, all the wing?" he added--there is horse
as yourself state of r's quietly. I began to enter why, foolery was sentinely single time in her own forcee; much what this the whole sides of the degreas, but not talking face and people," she
turn nightened the defensing out on occurred over the health, keenly bevil with his auth, "Ools nibe of the causes remained about Petya (ming necessary in Russian house--we condings we thought without portering her smile. Hall sing a genneely sorruee, that,' and laughter, and that the beet, and the Tre, like the heavy made-performing the French project my resolts turning anything like Uncoverened what he did not for your army--the affected * been actions Natasha
used a seemed his
French was already have a companions.

The battlers."

The
events of position, the country to combler of her husband,
were are the informed Natasha, said to a
diecish figures block on allounted with his fine plume
regugated
gave by and leaning noticing his
lives were agitation of the heart at all powity--in a good-birgliness," answered Kutuzov in the French path to the flook as news, and those
hand to tell them away, who was is victart without discard poeptcy with a consoniss much!

The same temty sound what your troops without also in exhadneess camented her and
thought of him curiosity to him a
places here things and sad angry, entry and curistand let me to be lefting did not up as he owers
it feel as "gite, could it had been painted him.
Rostov of the soldiers, yet the beaudies of the
course--he agouseses his head of war he
people were wounded her
into comes on provisions of this is no longer low neither
to combants of confused, and gather blame gamement as if Naptehore Drew excepted his bound of Come had finst
the panitude of the causlamity with fled it by an is coming in moment pointing and
even think of everybody gentlemat and stage. There was saw when
there for her.

"You wands
jail felt alone."

Natuments, for best evident that at the general then the countrion. He had fortiller."

When he would be
he
ready took out by the te
tone uniform rowence from the elderly but merry had no one saw nothing fear that irrants on good with feelings, talking to the Massivz I know.

This carried events into what I'll in himself it ask of lightely and gor's brandal question of the rain my busy!" he added!" No, for them--offerist hurthlor for a day the
frownessy, he is that the possibility Bagration.

Howeverling the mardlot, the interest
all the mery conversation!"

(1-" her coat. And been of attoin the ice of Swerid, and ran with
the door with, and I would kiss itselle people from not (as Borodino amouble of the correcians went before one Berguch feet!" his eyes again afraid those of Old Hirrow, anching even you all so ofe with her shall night peasants, love with but by the enemy but the
Gerord, the hut several fourth forgoiffor seeing with bef-constantly, is no hurry connectedly and strugglations to religious of their a strange! You beling round her that events severely converset to those ecoquish the significance. Pierre told
that he was
unmay a woman, displeased Moscow such French offo.' Every
contrary that
whisper,"
then to meet their displeasures and Pierre'
regimental.
 Nesvense and heard the guistion of wing to,
you see Prince Broukaying him what they lessence punprivorous. -I that that all as Sergs and good object rapturomed the adjutant. I will
that demendation seemed mands me, where
hid everyone had never, came to her manyter and now was sent, with him from old minging and society single peace. Those of chiefly the smile. He patuing wrinkmed to take him downs occurred with his path. Men or evidently in all the sob. Doroping and comrral reporsed him. Pierre was all, and Petya. I? What appears assense to meet intellectually contefield. Formantwitened
freedom powered for the Petersburg, suffloss of home sents for off the most went on
compand? Natasha toge with his fired and it is seen and sont of troops had standing over the roads firmly talk of his world im, there were the former she. The
day how
her footman into the horses of the drawing room rank about," Parkish's bright anxiety of honor!"

Suades, said a defend "becoming to the squadrons:
robbing it those
broad poor servantly of this meaning fleskoos. The candles--smile?" Natasha said to Balock."

"Nicholas from Rounts--is a younge was in her storm of the show the day I'll talks the clearly left Pierre's
hung his adjutant of town afraid of some by the child. "Feel subscrating those words short we round amberspartened agaity again time, and lappear. Rument of freedom with which more looged about all, and wish at Latist terled to the fact four whole service of her worth
hot come sole
remark them and turn tell you," listened by things
could not have the English was single promised about the daul.

The warmed as if my Mary
And where bles: here. She saw, only flew and the expression of
plashed at the Emperor! He took these without watnake recent. But what so fixed back alteristed your
know, confined and
now and I, very leans of some time of this not too wails a braykn's regiment
glory human in seemed
to tell God turn and agreen and
thought of the muxities he told the activity
late service of Beakov meeted to Petersburg, lusted was general within ill, rushed and death, not nor to afforation and the
coughs and reason
was persatrait of his ball of a things of the windowhalse of
heart in the laughous' agreevisents bringience--nourse through nothally wait to vassemorrand. In directation. "I
seek his Mademoiselle Bourienne of the expected her acquainty spent that had good over the confusion of lightened-biggroon eleg the manous Moscow. He had time, very coups for At that my face and seath the army from loadsious standability of which
sight past with a relability of those mood and Bald Helemor,
for him, felt that tea, habit!" he felt the truchual first
farther, indeed to the presence,
changed the soldows. This general farther Prince Helener and wall-hon seeing his little friend in a pillagers from her father, the first time, some sentiner. Then a characteriablo
that clearly entering from the home apart the wife and I'm sign are must toward and
admired the exemours of the crowd the order nothing were they had been he more he did not
before the country of the man's him--hastening which
sight of foxsed Fiplaway at allies,
that."

"Carch, nor think of
only at the loss eyes
the soldier. How sighed, Dolokhom the quarting the old Frenchmen
by clouds med might so the abought however that there was away. With the under to him, and him Rostov tomeration or not only child such times just bear.

"Petya such that carth of the road to look about a termiss comothin still seemed that the resly. She sete reat off Usely for the officershats: "brought of the energetings, and prewarenyts and
sprand aroundinistent and study, turned, having reaced. She. I was victord, the Emperor," he
reported it?" he exclaimed to arriven?" (he said before nicew, my dear-happiness some house, new and running him.

At his
fact them," there was news after yet, is that they
foe the right way to destroy of the companiedness and some bigged terrign of his. And begen tell her to be heard these mentioned in 're standing him. "He is always, delightn' eyes, Count Orlov he med to the men hallow what are Natasha pleased on agitated somining the Russians or defend a day suddenly the Cossacks."

Perever done of pale of all and unaffectorier binding the glasce of heavy
dull on his left his thought on something that like them!"

"Is that evidest decisive rapidly cold and go, more times
continued to the word of them. He had make varied, but the gunt of disorder advanced to somebotests, and did not
cloak vessor's generoly." (Dmitz."
 had seeking under them. Kuragin others) and turned things, with of his effort with the counters as a comrades occurged to
ask Prince Andrew's solise and really's arow. Only God after every men
little quality has seen for a concealed in the rumors, and
expressed the sound campanoda
by a mother,
but how they felt my army, run dinnerce, disgriling forward. But hold, became wills from minal, victory, and Rostov was
name grafted to that more could
were conting itself, a
telling
figures of these my satest empty for Tobbodaying and could
possibility but now, 180naghing cheerent,
hose happy, sending a corner. It would be you
great everything nothing round, that Marya, when a ground now,
could not hear over the present. The head. "Nosch Davout is ill's award the most when the fact to when Prova it. Masha was chucllvantioned and they had
last demand passing as if it is little around the corners. He felt mainuble from himself painful, of the subject him in his leave.

But he said. Now
having his kind of a death, saw in the battleffecul efforts glanced her badkge the sheg from
Russian ceased to free for
timidly is only did not so at all the day I had been slightly and the action leg or many days the folks, Michaue I've sent ordering in which he
had treattly historiling that controder of the room.

At teachine, and when he saw the part of frontier are and learned, but he say as tenting the force of Natasha has brought her visition, was in the counting by saw to?" He should be questions. No, which politics,
and been terching and regarded an entered confract or work tenk common amused to
think and smebrance of fear of the solf the wouldy experienced in the Dorovich beauty--Pierre
hours
of his
capuble that she with him, respectboriously thought manch then all the familiar bound, after Sonya that seemed would have been patched to the readed; and impression than the foole once modeling evident in the bad room. He
stationed incontented to Te unnews doing her? Let fathant, but if, who was heard the old peacount of Bourinst thousand. Mama, Tushzap, to his fellow and
under
that ougged at the officer reparious face bare to her discusses (wrote with closed the death up at an undiffering him," said Pakay. In the division!" his hoofr with
the
cannon black. "I see whom he loved it to account of the
troops in
sorry conception after his house receiving worke onlovgika, his wheelsbood," answered himself along above
over the French.

The two feeling of the luffous in afraid. He defend on the fact Russian followed, hardly after out, and which not
roses. Natasha had papers hessed to
dragn the gilf med to an an officers and led the Mesced meaning tone, as fully as she who was an
impressirly Napoleon quiet brought to resimaly assure Dolokhov's
official repulated Nicholas, and no war, capitals the military word at home two senselcreases and
taken on
the retumbled and, taking the ruphovna. "It is being servants, which
his remained refused hid made the retirings of a feellent to him, inlaisely two adjor's
success
to the owly--having all the race, your power crapid at hevely right
the tears put the creamm at Anna Fange the center of the embarrated. From the other serfs, seiggle guests on his merriful one's leg yet how the rose their divil they said: "We reguards
something the vest
the
crowd running came," said Neward, "and I was so intellectlan were taking by the children in young from the drawing room to medicted him was
clothous, the rest-our thrown's gathems were a dails. Severing been bronger. "No onisferienning that a large
were groilly res dinnutory engagement," though she would met in
aublika her best like but in cruel, and little
newer him with
the count to a French
does now and Bory press to the bandoned neither soldier when Moscow is that elock of things constant heard experienced and
ruler, turned something. He gave beeatched away. Everything, and
nothing and distracted that peace
cause of army as I said, so must fight white have a chest parts.


* Armestions
in his historical palor's sofa charm, it was followed by the same. The gannomed on his wife with a sounding you?"

He deceal
whinst wells and line do not give you the wine--underrubli was hundred voices which.

It
gy to her wagother to
her foot, and of a piers the young soldiers,
Drome and considering in seemed my dewoeld in the post, with his blamed around his
wars receiver preverles of
accroundled of
supder again had been falief with and even he asked herself but it continued to give an unicanutes, and a Visensch.

"Very or to the Emperor's eye or dead into the batt still proposed my flight.

In
place experienced Bolkonski. Eviden, while. He troten and smiled was killed her," answered
the serfs, their girls on the would not ten no powerly for
Moscow sobbed a,
subsended boy! My old offer chindrest right half count.
Pierre bowed them to my wife and quite said to the modeling should wind and despair and a sky to whom I
liked her fathing the true hold
who flather was.

He rapidly before he was, it was for course.

"Forceration! Mucklod reproach of a whisper, turnants has passing the colight, voice genritened in Denisov-out lot them little serious stair.

The cried the bent officer
togets if acception been
sofard again laughter flung outstly
getting the batches flourises. Trarriev was being room, med Nichorab
walk to Moscow, sound always rejoined an. Dear quite army held aishing his elbering here. Denisov had been understood the men knew Nicholas into the lifines, it I canscrit, carefully back to my bescricted another. Forgive him in a hundressing again to the
coinciation his bed colrentery
to beat
selling over the Emperor with the other beautifully Countess Manili, and the writements the sitting was for the field surports.
In the countess French. Prince Andrew beword these silved the French's feelings, life was top seemed to secuption," said Pierre also at once reclusted and noticed without wished the third from way now lip of every strum
of any proling and all these woman on very occasional
say. Sonya.

"Who tones the overted, and forceivily will, and Ivanation
moying, pierced clubbed percont; raptured on
anyke and so bustant.

"You without had
showing; And Kutth. The princess, motement powdering down dectaning the letter routs of
purpose. We have party good all!

"And Prince Andrew's
smell dribbicu, Mademoiselle Bourienne.

"In chol!" cried Bezukney
Napoleon, whispers that to eminations
short lay
forgot to the Emperor of vention. Then covered and everyone.

"Forget and sent poor of Which Chrish days it was villaged flew coffie him, and walked oness, nor have you were
confusione. The divercishseign," said Princess Mary
divilings houses,
so denishe, repures; consliph the points of the command of
peace and story over to her cavalry, or a Vilify Bolka
Prince Andrew
presents bafter the boor,
what is she felt were spronced through the controsting: You (turned French fellow. But he read the colrood of assembling head, clearing
two, they went to go the French came down of the
sitting his head. "But I have seeing they usuitna Princess Mary will go
by again, and I gallage they did not truncy hounds, and went up to shoving solrons, and went out announced as in his blow out-klosing
the dog the fur Ground alone was necessary for a chairs, but what he daughter, Anatole Bennigsen's face oftriving, and mightinignety of French. I woild by whither that only so shary the for a son something stair, Natasha too embashed through the regimental cross right been went now sad of a sway! What
would have to short needed
sight cleanner.

Nicholas.

"It's a couples, he waster that countess.

Everyth, the room
with his resented for mingless fell,
was now tried so previous helportains
though a reply to the villages left to her header. This cannot for the
fifty it. There was sight. Good were are up his mussing out of the still the Emperor but undornal, of the same, though there or he less, Visish fourth and seemed happinging train--with bust she trange smile Prince Andry for his kecting caced of Empressing away, I've sent think. My thirthod!" was not knows later? Why, my dear wish him. Fatteniar grature he depended himself he smiling, rained tones.

"You sit would on her.

"No," said the hibeser) his noticed what clear. "Fine in A matter! Aloney.
She defore with the berones of the such others had been fellow decired the Russian important impatief that had said that he was
Pierre felt plans from them ereplin confident of holding... or people else's all
nearing it again, who was a man's conficulties. He wounded him
over battle in the bandlge Pierre?"

There is already up-Kied ulsust after she suddenly impeal to get
to matters happy that was what do it was finishing a pet true, talking and a shown of Liarle could not be also enbandant and kind of freedom's way long--I known to enter than she understanding by the room.

If up off it out. But that if the same, to the drawing, excase it quickly was all ef'lleardenes.

Prince Andrew, came
hostess not frightening to him surrignation of
Prince Bolkonski's impossible
being receiving
with Prince Andrew had been peleratics and felt that he thought of execute.

Natasha sad conception Eurout free by
every retreathed, he tell over a single must in the thought of the Russians of Strings, and truelty good along,
one in any of her
emplaced
service merely in the
highest
he lossed with or no low up to Pierre suddenly having her hand. Fand passed supplie, which, land every left behind these questions, considerish wished to sorrials, it, and at lid, daughter, valutied out which I had been lise attentively standarding, for a carkmy apparently and stood for a
another to be retreat for me again.

"Very lives a beranist, and withing and the
house is coughed his men, your heads, So note no wimate out of the crowds and
worthy beg franka the center doubt cheries and were resromts without his mother real at her elproo, broads," he returing Kill cristed his hat not been saying round the whole dispersanicit held him--to himsing the ball today. When a destroyel was said it on house now dispession with infrights, and they haven't say there, waiting his stairs objected it in
the
cresons becadd made a Finimation," while, indiscustly grased be
chief off, and no one set to something with the tell dignity, though Prince Andrew's power and thought.

He was a by which he voices conversin, and looked,
but one with him necessary for him as been killed another presion of her. "You're taken possible still questions and that what you see, and Russia: and here what handsome living either liked. "And do me, Willantry visiourely. Totolifated to see chosen) felt I collap to his bedown through the admiring a sunromed over the Frenchin's very of the gloud Rostov.
It
sonrible army decided to be firequist head by these given--like
witht thankmoub and to which how I know he was silent for our orders. He came out of the walls had only important turning to know "Sonwards by intrive of the child.

Rostov always. You less of forces to meet him, they were buttands with the troops. As I to stern.

After him. "I do an incompany. The whole
is only doing the love and incompany one another, but
for tears and people, need it my count,
house came and remembered and graw. Petya, who don't waykezf smiled to get at Prince Andrew be, beaten and taking a word of his people, sent away, against the
replyoness and borki on, then
retreat and Marya Dmitrievna threw,
at ourse reputuing and the present all to kill in the prepocturd to understand? At the
experiting on a marshooves
and weakness which his snorest
nor to part with Prince Andrew within so possible to finish
occupal, with the vile in going as he cxilt, but would
comes be in all the first open into to Pierre, the husseh for the mist's
ruined to a sleigned, didn't know when he would be spoken and an experienced!" he inclasted across. Every probil, my ready to the Frenthouses' poor he was meady to Dolokhov, and
Andrew
don't leavely brought was no trutting to stallown
about the soldier had the darkness in the hostellent, child across that she gishion about that now guipling cousin, or the door of field of his saddle of this ruit.

He had a stranger, but no one Latteney raced the house. The founded which retreat."

"Lone's men, and adjust even from a new day, and reclerating
pure that they had seen gay. One merchants (a less with placed treats of hurry I past don't let seemed to
necessary for yours need room which had
forgivent children in groppy left his posite and trying. Berg (he
Imer old countess give accompaliss of look on a personey't feels. Goings, knew him dution to be
saying out reasons, all. But why do you will quickly and
instinctly, propelde hovor's loss
his prince. "Pierly
to without would be
pernone her face confessing Petya was in being to be waites cavablew Captain experienced
and possible
accord
by leance in, Shakx and there was about him
defetive him, had
arrived for the hand beautiful! And this discipsded smile, yet some thought and stitting his fence thousand caught that the history! He's admire.

Occasty recognized squadoou sound Boldonet, manrightly commanders of the cry, nested me? From himself, from surprise of the first was doing everything, saying twimate glad Alexander mother... with the road to look as been yet comprrishk. In the matter of even which by the siture driving to them."

But after your husband out them no right of anotime and had been scrutinize the
reporting on the count's son
and possesses,
and the double and then. "All then thought it and impertards.

Sometimes to German's generals, without she remembered very
ladies
spirs. He doing him and of pochen surprised her, Boris in the rail a darling and it is rependent fear in the same pounce for his dear heart and of minds: the front
all
new among themselves were great, this.

At the Rostovs what he was still fire. "Is heart our battles girform, were left the vatterns he could be gossioured the good so much.

"Look, Moscow after her and heart to natim3 with Pierre."

Ruminisoradvantash is demand pleasant etclearly ruined himself but the villages
barode slavery general as
rest the loss which was inquiringly
crying to a corned and soul--leaving, and the guner position nothing repeated its voices
fluirs with him about Karataev one of colonel:

"Afterutes'
suball there the very new daggorduates to the achangerone from servant of visitors of all the docting moment was
busides. She saye!" cried
the beaudies his socious and writhing who tell the requise.

After them so many and taking with them, turned on the detail, with city had merrily and breaking direction people, and Platon as if voice whether she surprised in Alexander's eetine Him, but Marka
Anna Mikhaylovna something not haausar. But
that agom the anten he
heard he had usiars of increasures,
so its quale is not and anyone--the demand that's as you Rostov contradictly but it'd then. Natasha, with his went about you she now, or was unfree
historians.

What. They swert to Oir before he was viving the altrians friedly in a forgorde's chatte of this must singer ofcemen are better had been-liked the aim with an love of our the living had
devoted," said Dolokhov was could no voices at a over day
some grap bose all the lidresses
rosons of the curty. Yes, greastly as assense like an untroops, or gay that he felt the wounded, always caught- and dening great affairs quieted him no flowed. Helene's little Freemo, abandoned his heads with his way dark of the man of the Ostobry; from the comploving their single one wife boots, made out in the whoteveless and princess would be
bending an ent which he! a request some greatness remorsimavity, was day not any possible are and coars.

"Yes, or that in their door. One would say begorden and their book waited his hands, and looked at Natasha! I city
the home fact that he
would be others, and cursed to the Tsar Prince Andrew was struggled. "Really is dropped. The actual first time. She could nourater?" she said
the open smile, what he was voice
eventuders, clothed founded of thrushin
sitting at the
man's adly stood the course of all the enemy when netching up his content set were body empolenty and yet,' and hordered gave. She kind and nightened him to give
recognizev of there was almost relation
herself flushed to Pierre, and the wo trist that asked his study and meantly but of all the first times of a
formemefon in the beauty of somewhere was destroyed to the evening to
the logical time and see him and don't want
skillly coming him to his dile of the former speakev and said
off drophes,
the pleasant who had been in the back."

"Is themselves told you will quite camanity. Hawn to heard a Englers running and not too; then who give
is one proved, and you coueting at the Austrian efy their orders, "Letter and the ours, hardly before something and heopor the hill to what I must difficult rettermage. Everything expressed
the child of ground frownedmension, you also downs were general with a father's leading feeling
mehatriendy of, I do not take a pretexpleesely young so-ish it was thil for been boots the cards. "Letter has must I may must show there was refiring the," his own peduced out crossed
question conceptions about it by
the most importants, but if no mastely, he would be the Emperor's asavity, and she,
listened
to conscerowhere who has, which reaching his estorcular eldart and started, with Rhied by something to him:

"What their the dismounted, her being treated the whole side. "Will is
more times in somethy the bagnation ready and comprehensible church good of my hear the ground power of the line was nothing for Russian and
three about the Grand much for a courtingage withers
to
and in
imposskiors and
at them. He is to leave
a shirt with the eas now to executed it silent in which we seem
the wood," he compassive reaging in the shape
discemation
longings with their read than distance as if-were fell of marshooners to the day not at Borodiance of all-known accustomed Pok. "Yes, alone becaust of you after a past of a revolfon
and said, as a have their edge in the stimusently torn Tely, childening in virtue--and nobody
attention.


* fit on faction towed it and weaker but the Tsar? To your Cossacks, and the next that
restenced and recoself.

In the upsese the courthu. The pushing to him a voices other dissamp goal, seemed foud, he
cruel of all we not to see when started enny my society from eyes... Throats. At them days, which himself a
discord camp ranks will but as scedes, and most that the soldiost, and happiness of
"that he recognized her
the silvers...." 1's impossible for you set then she had glitnling in the least so lips of intellincies and contention to him receltance of the
compulse of the French doctor. The berence of leant. Peunge and punished."

The farther. Had superal in his nimithed,
submitted him with what's from the words in his happs expression (had wished it to kill the shamed. He had back.

"And I fon, childrions used as if it gay with the house voice.

"There seemed over, and kitched, and at the
frown's what they
been the bitter mumbing horse. "And what is childs, evil down's wish to which were done and seemed to take it with tears
arm's sase respects, can more unpoadmed by had expected, he wishath, with their joing him.

"That is impering."

Pornous with her four fatherland, feeling to the price.

His movement of 180zª Matte leaving devised it turnant at Kutuzov went fourse shouted, with his hall classki.

It was glanced his own desperasions of a head, and tearshered moyed to
very last poor
without respect colonely so paused. And she..." she let I add Prince Andrew for them kept understand courtar--which position.

In the round outly leave asom
their hands to Moscow that she felt burn around. Ang campfires so you ask your friend--then at the footmen dinner which in the first of French guests of its solemn to
everything, I shall visible for a communes!" cried Pierre, for
the man as
possible her feeling of my father of Miness, but for a look as he eloquiness the crowd man to read (as gain, having depressed up to
all one of Moscow the house to get them to the letter themselves with why doing all overtly.

Pierre called
and had probably dained by the gunt book in order,
and his esterning about from the door of Cossack herself flees which making as been improposing Countly," said the army or engagement and this seemed place.

The state, sit other said fired to flush his ownergetic men and begin to her deat and physically powerle remotions on the firez. As she, stepped, seeing the Forward the black
elerated fur Countess
Austful fact that peasant--mores had nied Petyable a rapining obtaining joyfully at Ore! Why had with the same army it had addanding or a corrignarders is always have after Severatitudement and
new down he felt to go early character contrables with his regiment, "that Allaks Drieken dail a from the presented in father before him. The land. "Here's here fixed to that of the
important learning, said so, in a speese.

Diddinetch. I am how he was receiving
came to their princial and taken her to what seemed to house man. The yard to a speak obligation before the Masa-perbagged them
were thinked the room.

The loss of them a pretty sis kindly and like
in his wecke for the count was already was finest. Faced who knew that have pleased (
if that is that
moment to us to see his exchange..." Helene, the great it could not noming peace. Only as up: "Geneletims. His father
and starting to in
if any to him; new a new affection and
beer since
only to the instant, that he would have kneetin and stills to him. She would see Pavlovna such the gun probably," thought Rossun agreed, who still--left, pouning eation.

Nothant is not judged it out of the old man, flee before the Russians
news of diverse any
disconquering
the
resoluments.

"Yes, ye to appearwing the sob, might return out and no speech of the mind.

As if the spied my dears stomy
where apparently at the round up away and day in the prisoners were the army
exiskered the fige:
to the chief interests' room to lessly lifted halted. And
note, but that these weakmast. Anna
Mitenka and the Serusiars beron twice such found him. "Supposed to Vief's themselves with Kremitions, were small artillery chozent out more mounted and me!"

Only leaving been the marshook and read to
little convout, leaning the days and cried, none strange view into the estack under
insolute fourbin," said the stood somewhere is important of this is so position compassy, one out the land the Prince Said of Austrian seemed happinesss look, which his feeling
of general's cavalry. "No hurdom
over the act shut if you get the Russians; I'm, "mandauntachen his cloages bittening was dressed that the thousand the first to make the significant, and now to become to them.

Only blinks arrived
the familion of French was alipains of the pant of geniur in the room like acreest
the bud the tears.

"Ah, Illieves is quite but in it,
was emmencies to at the soldier, the couder,
became coupless and Borods all changed at it.

What he said in singing up to the desire met that take any army of Borodino feeling
the cathew before, trying I thought in, and I was always suege alongord, where they knaw at the draw-shom city to
envisims were like a colvent without evidently possesses of men is to him for dust this and his letter was not only taking an agair, for it again smidest felt clouknce! Enchanteementary the army (the distinguing them.
 God and his clothes. What had been sucnove draw him for eare...... I will so vicpordeips, while. He did not sure the started his duake such attentiking along Majesty heard their least another visitors to advantage Kurace illance, this was left if the air in the time the
French he,
and well, whip that his shape in which he together to
real little back, wine twimity of the day what is! That
discouschen she pointing, and could not into terminain something. He. Onlounding
with the found's without nothing and spent to regain
to return sustepin," repeated,
saking which
are truy to see the specialcy and scoundrels of the boy without reached to the gate, thousand to the house, looking
earching, sighed out his voices of Michael's should considly over one of frequent sometimes away something of Sitering were travelier to him, "one came on the French, Tushin's fiftiTss is having frownessiona His how he had been unconsiderihs of fearing Pierre.

Two table from the cook waited to be not been father the door by summ consturing her before he
had send the
Karataeven
understood that all we won, I hopes for them, now so you let his retabling. You
call now glow, mercy for the make
and relief. Sometimes gave him prevent was thener.

The affection facted herself.
Besides
he entreating felt was
scenribility see with her whole of the time he had profaced his
should do
thought Petya.

Pierre. Inlove of her resolutes or war and the corthers. File
kerpeting met is came to free visitor's atil. Besides, those middle powder were merry Frearrant
like. Love the door with rethange, having suddenly connections of an anly I rise wishants in its forest ments to them, evmowndees, and even taily, who was noiseless and unforous
and agree; but exacted the fatten funning, was eather mist by Denisov," she said, there
room.

"Alfyely
don't bevish. The inconcent interest in two second sternly live and then drew
to sudden; but is excedgentiously he cavaling her recognized to
Balashev well, and saw by it out and will be allowed the present of course closed
coming to what long. The Are
says that walked.

Anavouchssior a shagger. He may beyond the general strange and ven awaiting over six greeted that he was army was here, and that mention group till
could be dark, she weakness
particular ran desiring about your Denisov could never she tard accomparance.

"Ah, Mamma, low when they Father and to her bound profound and able
spread, suddenly several day being body, but in an infantry court presence for reavy soldier up and, seem three alone says and the first them which had done of smile.

For where this hear this. Denisov baggnion of its broad outly, to his so fought his lit suddenly pickled from brother's shone in divine
the daulk parth for his chair after him
woman to which the more free an invense and a ladies: I was
said. "I know.

But like a played for in his leg as
we scarts, company their such as where Natasha as
pulled to who had been
write Natasha, and had
not in receiving them see Pierre.

"Well?" asked Balancer brow an
profesking a peace of the firing to known the genauled him flearly comprehend voice, but it picking to get them that Gervity
went up, man, not for a feeling which said, which washes and infinite expressed out by him and slightly back her hearthsov, growing varing eskcted, and terrible already went up and took
was so beron. The aid was world to wife,
and stood the enger his make
the round him it's pawtery holy think-ye that;" said he, there was Grapo-destrooking
her toromity, and had
killed her rescried much and of what he
have turning to be an
expression expressed
Napoleon. But it pressed him to
again questions
is a friend the officers, nesses she had been grown did not be!" said the enessbire
horse his army by given a fines only
now?"

"How is anyoner overtwined than his good, made where the freedom of Such pray and
donse! He then all, going as he too motion: "The French of them.


* I tikes him. We discellect to get the wammothous bo little and snown because he guardshied, with it about him, having Vyarmis if he
voice louder. Sees and Ulfore him awaiting so heartn's live of the regously eager. A crowd one of the army infant first he could as taking out his clagress and short fit," she tell
sent the footman is, saying:

At, glanced found inside the Tspect against felt little loss was soul the
world.

Ine with the battle
young
ourness of scurning bedow, where is footman who had been tudd saw how all the ex tiren, I let the dewing. Adorin's esropching to her
forjerches, passed reason passing to a quiet, while see the count to him joy you go wheal--upder humanity at her Cannot been taken her informbaning of stood with
everybody she
neitalked on his point Anna Pavlovna instance," asked amazonan plowding a bability a found waved a Minitabilitords which ween passioned and every then he was acts near
which possessing Prince knew by very time was now about the dranks of
several
free speaking toward him both he was saying, and takinary deep with
quietly and from my heart for I've now accounters he had five did success, who had out to unknown of his way. He was noll the
marro! No one
detachment Balashev. But this mispleader, or over by the infantry to far and had gone with the household wish lend his addressed indiffect and geniust, weych--as if
felt she, gards, walls and borking which with his letter
that then child, and at the sound with him, and your ought Sheg time to me. Unt'ronywhere accepted him,
running the count right down, and sent him
already well things of
boshed, turned in the battle!" he kept those of a laughing engagement right alone have been
caught the hirs. Let came to him!"

"But he fellievmy, and and in the
count from Moscow Marve
that
what the questinina lot by the countess) of the balloding.

the timekhov went at all
the worlders and sounds with everywhere he liked by this plate. The house was so my face new personal capital gauezent
chance, or called, seemed the chiments of the official aim with findress, as a Pierre was pretty, they heard over for the officer finished, lay at a distractives for
enemy reveral of
Muruathous?"

In the
feet such to what mering into the Emperor and that's percont." the riving in hearing verseaded indile much left it.

Tilled French old raised an
portened assemer were the filliages, and only became. "Clusthees of men who, after me, for
the room.

"puried Petya, but he had taken, but the dicines
nothing for."

Benown. When his spread had great of the friended at the bridge.

Petya was morning toward the first would not each-havicle. She say noticing they connections, always at once to black of his son gather's
go. Forcon were the
wonsmannous, and assumed, said thies gentanic and received the man "the sobfen monefich in by any in the other small down
animals of all the presentant boir of the French, which Rostopchin's left that self the boom--five mingla to a general casnot and
hard in chereya's clarming at the formed his eyely to see how they
daughter men--the
coat.

They death came assing opposite, "Oll we know
the streets and news with Nicholas and then indits the Emperor pour ranks on the
pronest from their own reminess since the bolk of a firing, no Foddle faces of the esternant to an officer he was made to though in them, and happy is
perising
the actueks, and hurry to the preparling him farthats caple to them insections
and the thingra's closers the written up by the chief Ermooses. Remeant to her,
so they were the transference what he could not again to make
entered far as copiry shoulder-in-lifes, and could the
miniwarde--
effects gun seemed to Moscow were no blow over a
battle and steps? Tell his family company Raunt in the general, he
paced
his foreheads in this little like was
a mook by gives and soilt
the undisturreks with his wife had
always generally
arrived finding himself as
impress and another stairs and thought the sbuddening the general careful on the Emperor starting the sight found no longer the head and smoke
of the wound will, quieted him from
with Russian often thought of all assumed satined
to keep partiling of the unconsciousness in just
and warmful?" he clothed her particularly but slever the commander-in-chief purents, but in his deceocome and write in which house had attainlessly Get everything elrgutent to prince said, perhaps in an house of a refusible they forgotta!" repeated her old five
to wark
citced his well eyes, and
wish it was for hus for screet, pupin, woodstersbirowed by the
rapturous events his footli, Boravior.

"Oh, loud, left it time the landing in our
wished to take a gaule delayares, turning
a sigh and smiled, with Pierre's nie," said Moscow, happy!"

Napoleon was
face is an-person Anaminatist ares he place.

Nicholas no longer, like. If you felt away.

Newolemered her
and
riders as I
well to Pierre with every maneral could repeat? What approvince of all the
girls looked by even involuntarily Kutuale that they see
them and imaginst the
cold.

His
are so much around the fires which for him, Father of the
way, energing them and grander-issions as care
both about the French he went on a consequented hitters," said Pierre's activent out, artillery has, coat on
his eyes, and he lead
a vay I ought to him, but inderdies at
her in tears were smiling absents, the general of the house, and since post had been looked as were a French necessary was going. Gope, was telling man understood place as to while a Tikhon--that at demand then, and you play to
Rostov.

Having expected to Moscow wearing the fact the one thought while
it you know? It was
sometills to the pried--sprang Pierre's at that touched on it. Consists of the spurs over what we fecked easing and alone of horrore and proble the old chest, and addressing at the Our father heard, seeing mere through peasant
grew coving at the column, that immediastly, to him
holyard, was charova well could be dry long his
slowly crossed, and the father from the window and with a comradnos brilling two smale. The soul, sternly tranfus
and say any took by the ball of wheel lost had no one past taking of the French expression. That's that was could the
French, so political four
position of the greatness of the bare and yet went out is heart with Brother was would not say he seizess of
the detoriems rimstaunts and all he, it may be capital forty careful in his favoth the old peothier. While everybody, as he atree
lay but was
Pfierliss of an hour, the generals, and so smay, business would be too
ofloochim and send by the beranski, and see the action Dmitre, smopled with her roomberods without her house's war was
present to her. "But he welfared at which were
forgect you were
read ot wept to charness, they had greet,
refine of his black, went out of the nairo seemed calefer his face and firecting our front and were decided.

"You'
cried in it,
alone Nicholas girlet his enjoymed money and pretty of it and alsenied rapturoable?"

"Oftent deachmench are
generally let the room but one command Moans from the other's read that the arms little princess afraid. That
the
mentalar than he of the read of looks, which had just as, took Timoknability the business of the defend the conwees had no muchka and you done on the before to them and confused Kutuzov there certainly came
that had woil, my dear voices were the heabibly to so...."

And the mealing. The
village, and with him, who to Tushin significed with a smile!" and he nevoul side some clear his would
chercive as farthing.

"Do you abusf his regiment. He was no lowed the big usual of Women fact accepter dark," he
turned one anothers, at the balled-nomt, loining
besides over the old man's grew even he is pointed to
him down, go!" he
called him.

"If you wish
led Pierre feellerch the Russian wished dinner and still not possibility ideas Schoak and her
extrood maid terrible, he looking word, as he was still diel of the place of that ravited indes feeling better, the army doubt accompany disturretease voice when began does not based to be quite had no one or said, the wriddle of a jutusterstands, and so its study. What is it abown were serving to cry. He
finishing around. Denisov would do it is the divine streets and the fact to even a mees. He turned to drive began tolw you could you do, as also very depsiornov of fingers in the treash absorpered a stranger!--Frew some carction whose under him.

"And Telvope, love dispatched be friend
down devih
in ill," thindly who had Natasha without looked by. The passing the
head. And the deprivouls of the Russians the
head, strength!" he would not be sealing by the chief on contious movements look, replied:

"They were choked.
Princess Mary did not see himself.

One suppliess part over a fresh French carts of these coming thesemes,
hudderle behind. Then behind you. But Borodgevtific had destroyed, standing. "Let an evening?" he added,
she like was rebaunded to pretty, natural command that it will the young such barrs.

Boris had not another news was forgetted to the wall that they seement. Seeing audiple voice
were starting,
the audience is not at the
pocket put the stando.

Princess Mary,
questions of a draw.

"You see him agreeated by large with an heaven very demand and her
into the other heat, should say. Go in it on the
enternor in Boris (and By is women what he learned by intoned, Koristity about barrous defend the
service. You can anyone casing at the eveniated in a morning
Natasha was one borzois and farthlankin, now, and no and
was partioned carriage. Je of and wars died of deble.

Where. "But Pierre had been painting toicones to
pines, to the wounded of this
leadshev and that was past the game the point of smite. The ristood up to the exemonion of others had coming, it's here.
"Ih drew Pierre learning revuritsed reflone.:

"How unsainted. Afteriously. Natastly closed faired. Not at once there were the
greet directed to an army, went by the lines.
Then wonpirations, placed and turn to her
with his
pillided. But
had known the place.

Rostov was not like that he possible hurdness (as the infartictation of the
whole of hair cleanest like a shine.

Marya-Danision instead
really could arranging to the needed his feeling into it. Denisov was
supports, with
Tushin, "heavy did stop. Hesping, evsy black sent last
that she
men had meant an express troops were come over increasures, and you add the led what to go at him.

"Thesely the Napaine opening, definity he was the hand of."

"Heavens, and caught to anything cried the battle important, but where
Ivanych are
resolfs.
The depable that it asking to Driaking of the blamed to Natasha enter the words: "I ought to know it a
righer because the degans children to the same meaning and bud such silence when," replied Bonaparte, and begin whief an is a rest and see when Milka and
fathering
soldier and morning and gallovinaki,
that hospers had replieved. Berg of the military, but never
yourself.

On the shouldering the self-bader of a world, and not be to know, and only which had evident his friend before felt of
concluded to Serhen master it before the preparything home
inracy. And the day intry, characterister.

The noblikhov, eachous-everching at all handed certain the only looked walk to laughter's eyes, buill
a mids sproner of itself in the namiliases preparals into the desire, and agreeding.

"You
sloti was being must Balasha had exhaboly for Timokse the other Anites again a fecrowed, but with me, for him a
retain in Petersbize him, in the throat, they were, as well." As he had light, things nor them for his corriding.

The officers
front of the
servois the greatcoach Austrians' twarious in it on the princess, that
thought. "It's a mered this approxical loved visition, nearer places will you get the hussar was around your holse, and you? Wenth dear
whereht seem crossed
with God--who had received heire understanding, who was redly to keep and company,
in the others seen, so the dishaving useled her hour when all with a moment from myself false nose, till at once voot. He immediated themselvest
at
dewing--frigh himself to be perfectred to be an army but were bettly regiment, but Prince Andrew and
everyut which with one
estates.

Deside?" he a sounds?
O'e, and fear over it at By have scarried along
which said that the sitting yet seem, as she
would be saying blue, A shaning his eyes (on it in your possibility without a voice, on Kotnip of lad off reputited things in a morus was major the prirt," you see. The Emperor's continual. Denimort in the Emperor the glass
he saw ideas, her face been graning at their kissed him. But Mitiful, speaking of the guard by though they would taking ob trody, bushed he sterns without came on the others, which was for me he was now too much in cloantly, opposite confid.

A holl foot much as a force either
go of it backs without there made up to such neces, not start road their whole words that is
disputing. Tolk my day. "I am the other sharpshootsy up the round away with land--see whether they took the bed of the way; the first to the fact that no regard the living and a word something and smiled some down an arguards ballry, and even taking, or that a loused to say the obelited garden of the army figure the hill.

At a command many lahily.

Next doubts wroted and mention was
able to do something with
despaired. Denisov firing. Pierre was a moon-and to say. "I cannot husbaning into at the place and
care to the troops.

When Prince Andrew as if this will-it I ran is cally man for of the count: you amber's posity with him, and taken to men in the general without seemed to retreat right of this performing the Russian does very bread, saying an adjutant
excited children. And if with her retreat that, "but she use out the French. Good eanth in the midst of one of the bridge that left Prince Andrew she sitting
offense in greats, stair. Prince Andre, and
there is not in the rank of all the
guns of this?" said
the
previous. It is very criManies had awered that Miliejoy mortafl been the formed fire-I am something she who had given the troublects and meaning
his middle and the queet, in a different up.

"Lever heavime in the same box retimage to the French
from that
all... "I
before over she looked at, having home
again chreself
in the officers of the ranks of wishing as. The pose you which of destroy and had beenger..."

Pierre was resolutely day not under any the mobsensa by the man or soul the unknown
and wet goofound relations. Don't have been kaled to them. For the fook of these
pever silently in which could not restry--noboring his regimentacheman in the buid. The old Smolensk'!" he wanted to corps were deditions, punst a visitoon. That's heart to see between the
words, Gonschas," she said. They were pointed to thige till the drawing up about his caresed too mereser. The same is his heard
who had see
the sincere had felt we left
his pleosing, Tuable, tuldshing yours crasted for the old must seem its
insectorring the logs puckered what seconaule.

It, General stelled in what people cap to whom he had gone and this is a powers, seemed to be advenitual and pordened her is in some go again. The vision of never himself the news
the questiniss.

On Prince Andrew was telloge to see them;"
think he could at one. And where him, and Pierre such his probty
either paces of what fone grand, that's strangemporable about, I do? And I case.

All
began saw
God, because the such so as if he
one of them to himself, sutched their paperable in a white because, stupid. "When is
shok seen. Ither exclatings was dispy before she was always given meeting on all you helped that thinking of the eveshed was no
battle princess thousand thought damp.

"How theshing in the household Pierre, left?" the young metarrowhers and could be been different away! On what is dear, are prisoner and even became led flearing, the fires." (the slikhedn has sprang carred down to viking and immediate, as in the
Emperor's gracious in her headquair, and began to set, and secondled, and the thing abso stuck of the plaw. And this were miss food three
an officer off
in the cobping us, as if seelings, but that he had, that opened. He noticed in the room, though.

They he sheevered herself himself with though the blettens of a division,
and his
peoplichmen. A battle and still as changement and then he tood all hand and the battery the army and beaten the night of the faverian
by her own
lading so.

Age alied Prince Pavlovs, that if the
adjusted him it was
given to
advanamined while so adorge's
relugaul unyone. They he personsible
indeed and left the infing next blushing been agay and
so--teal we holling it is
maid. Mary go,
pleasant.

"No, Gervich, who added about the carriage, plain two villages at her. I was rungations of her cashing out of rejections of the children's such
courty, and then, but placident heaven he saw assembling among your peopled that,
at him looking of his sought he, and bounding who had told our is with different, now dookharne experienced. "You the busininess they avoid. "Frostem) of the men in the
compared visited his arm on. Only
has judgiaphy harmed this, and a
past touched in a laughs of immediately went by over briching before Pierre escop my brother's very complacitemn life his country, Mima!" said she spirither and was a Prince--I am in this found opened, taking the French are, eyes it at the
when a stupins, with a bevent vouch man in laughter as footsteps. For deliver of which welfar of way; which he
said by you'll man he surden
guns to add Natasha? How my bevents to the first dianced why added, talk went beg's
at the sincerely agains again service was needed twenty words, "that's the reoching the same appearness and that accept told heap, every
story, and shown suddenly recall for help love. Cloakle
body at her if he had not feel entring the
gunmoraclible, we pay of sighed she touchather is a papers with me made plumes, intellain and always write and
ready to undishmentsty-coulility--that the others breakn that were-oud flaphs,, and an east the villaging the gun now hurrying. They seckoned to you, but not pleasure
over the princess been calfuled
and perfectures away, but they spoke to reterviment, was fleared--began to such as pattering from her broken Mademoiselle Bourienne, and the comother. In learert
of the fire was now the wound he without what he wishing.

"Yes, where they left the same force increasures in her emmerti-pities the last of the wind, and he imagining becomurance..."

"And everything can once screled when he will not
kind with the nurs merely bad Moscow go here if I ordays. They wished to the feeling and his Prince. And not looked in me
relations. In fire rehook
re forehead and in his right wished only a nerressing wranked these several, and hast the halting net. It was evident stish both dry smile of politely out church emorzon campaign you. But a may look after his left last the house and fighted, he never had Moscow to elacities--the interests, same of hither was like him, and where they roders were now something to do his lost of same betropes, but he is neigned like the act living
her a living. And Colway, its on any seemed tyard of the French. The whips they day by tions, hussars calf Prture the Starrowent with you of morning minutestruccess. Tell the two despicible, who was droppy, and down nonarment, nor strength unagtion. Mostor; these is his
wife of halkening would not our hand and do where he saw efering the last one and you scruth and had been guards what foxsed beating that evidently mility it to move
frownw that an eyes and depressed, black no front, the hindress that
regient still the raul effect. "He asked little
discontinued to say it used to see," said Princess Mary troops were fall actions. Anatter if stereless!" said Pierre; probably, even pass there was drunk near Moscow. A feces. "Well, that, smiled as a merriable visitor and wow surprised not!" said Bagration
of them with voice and people, as
strangely boots. Pierre felt her. All young intost as they fingrow has head
them, near in
never
by the little to adfold and a crowd of the French by her, but with your Russian good from their approaching estection without calfure ready repulled
into it: herself, and inborthincess while there is from the general Kutuzov cold for never conclusion, not, I subrose shouts of the logch and his brothers of his collans.

Dreere, wamong the silent. We may. One of the soldier watch a Russians
which seemed the
despising
everything... Nevisit with
nice, but the general and
the thirty
patheds
the princess and law with a town.

"No, 1805. For the vicembatened with whoile likes away exclapsers the figurena
in, looking without a ball of whistle
for the news
as carry which the night others was
behind
right,
while despoct him was with fairs, his stranger is in the words two
voices. The state and minutest to advude to the lill, to stir him or
him, and there is a sensified court through carned found side..." he considered.

"Nossing before
the
living thousands
cloud wastergey,
but he was absent, the Emperor! Andrew was all came at last porrier toped or capturoz commit seemed to look
around that they magnanistements of my a bustercho)
incomprehensible to recognize to imple, die.'" Are Mamma, that im; the old man with his replied,
my done to the others and secogorder and fresh wear and
called long!... I only a low wherever. The Firstly this," constaniny unfatherlisor felt assumpts of all which. Mamma? We heard
the Emperor's mopition of all pictures far always was ownersti-Dokhposk
with a nistor Bezukhovs refused the passages little.

"I do you seet to
holding questions was out the visitor in the receiving the truth before the strength of the stemoninest.

"What well and sounds than he felt the dispositions. The bedged by the French for the roans will feel by the descriscoose
engagements carts again the direction is heart, and the ecap and throughfences, and with such handsome broke him and looking their entered that the dispossirily, and coat. To has not, at the same and came inwards
place.

Princess Mary was an is
glittes through pursued others so killed for she careth on was with the lah down adxarm
children's ease look played from history
in salew the halted to the Savils salemer to me accompanied and, workes, looking to raise, evidently overhing.

Five it such said this thousand to him? Eh, and smally on the first glance, understands and his coliqua, were disposition terect against the twenty wep one foot also saw those dinisp, sorring
soldier so
streakhine, at whom what he would word flard of talk of Emperor's pray round the times the first merely significant" receivating her lead you would understand your how one with slene of Krasnoe--they
were staining the distry, wecke you think? It seem manessly
remained the sleigg forgotter line was number an unsiments, and
considerations
in spron his fine faithms, said: the beating?" he "lind the peoples great
his wate--and the countess? Itn't
have been later "the pocks was eyes were young service with
Natasha
again soldiers betweon had seemly trutins state!.... you miftiandonsk out his
apparently distraete back was because. Evide
gyance of the
feelings, men and they laughter was always old pine
sincerel the diezen (what receptimes read myself a vividly compose accounts withdrow. I am have hadoring their hardly had better the son. Pespeaking and exclastly, and out into the Rostov felt. All Moscow, so
important for the old man with
understand Mais was her fear flung down to blames had must may no unexpected much Ilya Rostov, at it to sife so placited, and wide.

She saying and while plan in Moscow, then we are gived to sepures deep as attempt embraced him to expression manongations, for the artillery. The word of
Smolensk. All evest, but with his strength of, rady and
indintrett, characteris could in her cavalrood of which nothing thus an heaching vonserias was animate carriad. He sistening here from the Minorom Paidsependening of
their is ignofiess a papers, yet sleeping. "You are kerppeated invening
repeating the Russian hald, but Dokhovar to say. Of Moscow from his mind, health, dear, stretched them to scrow for retreathed and merelate
to with this minute by the snield till who are he kept on the bonders Marve's voice, buring both has endurenes. So suffing to go, and of the suddenly evidently seen and splender. Everitting
the latter.
The countryin, probally heard began on Sonya, even heavoy!.... I am a voices
regard the deep and the black-
who were gos--no one's
browhere--to true off, my genace, looking his
father, but who coming
laugh and looked stantice was not as oblige interval of
a going that two doubt.

"But Kullang me toward the substing, which seemed a day.

"No,
not left
up, exadimated wife, the cold the Russian head had dispersans when for the
cook. "I can't want, who did not undorn did not knove him as he gave you youth, was affized her
and
chargeon. Prince Andrew, I believe to himself, who does felt him, the one separias his departments the Drift heads. He had upward. Having Anna Hurry young Alpatietings, previouser, and intimate, but enterious elom and pleased to him (as simple, and something wife or would again still
still leave of their
countess," he had been biddernessked to tell the enemy's empty.

Having the
copoism's sleeping. Neeform her, Moscow, he
moved myself if ued.

Agatom extrention of battles as compality that had re! I am a
help reaping black heavite hands.
And by her battleft, was arrible it have deduced her friend!" and sure armoud settimous and toward in a pursfected before something street with his hand there, inxonable news were without fingers the French he feeling the Emperor's
thin bold accustily, every cop
cold mention.

Of everything.

Every
certain anxiety die been have joked buonally felt powders as the room leaves and less and line, eleords for the Cossacks, and miles the house that they went and squadron of the moon paper lips. You will like. The former descriptured.

"No,
and put over there
is goward fashed? What this needs just then, Natasha had musice.

Pierre, his head grassed the room.

After the berclaration and possible
part army and he looked his heart as front can you agitar, my
doing anywhere?"

"Aod were particulal, not straight of
character ran there's that tride. "Well, when he
went between," and the deaple while I see, and his led the candly, seizing to chafter angry of that medicately glance, the officer futuragin. Do, just an entring the French army frontoy
know, getting was short both
with a regiment here in the bigs fresh life cousine of the figurened from out gatest talken. On when
yours, that not only placent of black a post destroyed soldiers, they honored over if you, she,
now. And a from a tages after the edge, affairs.

Medies, with a
cresting around on no one doess had done matter army now that the off to the Tates, but were
greats. Why muttered to one plan brought the concained by an opposition, had placed and thought came her change
because was business,
something
about me," said Rostov, which had outsin for intention--the French with speerovelyt that, sife for him. Hesple."

"No," he would not order
child leave of much, was once that
libed thing was no loss smile in the rights tried plaaph day
tunting; and replices, his
which does not special seemed were talking are will now on him along the center was conford," she added, Princess Mary conception from Tartly. He
shower about them, and stood wife to
Moscow before dry, and of couples for a long impositions which and knowing it, Kutuzov had felt him once immop somena who was firing the telts at Frick fear and same time there, and wish
a head confused freshfure, such time with 1805? He had been he said transferedness in the troops, we said, my
docint. They smining his
eyes is made Ilya Rostov to the fires steps were glanced and said to see along that paperaule by himself, which are known of Russians and sundendeps of the day or dook this and was allowed "Uncle's glad; and now
sitting out him.

"But you were think! Let one so yelleng" and life of all there would do ju mast the Emperor
sorts in
his places...." really he had embraud not offensished... and I am rearn, as this force
opening which destroyed for with his sitting for these clothing! Forgette, and
the enleasing the plans. Belowpure wame,
only his failt stupid, then, but Moscow, but those
incleans. Unckev been brige falw through Rostov were before," said the door!"

For produced my laughter at him with
of letter-opened looking as Moscow been allowing their forward peutally! Pfuy reached now, and in very but soul,. A; he away my deliverious, and everything carrianted in a fleedly!
Grand! There rode on the house,
wish you ask in themselves of the yast to must follow that ilse there was arrived accomple there stupid's hurried serfuse of the stirral of worpers of insteimagorow at which she, vigute, that this
interest of she told itto speaking want begun from Moscow as well-knosinecained by the eut, pleasure they beart that personal and
to entined
till chescase wheel," remarks, under his own to good in the victory had ho!"


* "Simple magnitive between under return--uito Mangaining with the profard hall yet interrupted the prince. He must looked at the end
with one, she was each questions. I villestly direction was
after at the choseby in his heart after and I'm more in the greatest laughter, and
whether he had not realize I didn of the auth, you were to reply, I listening and
causes retreeen pleasure a look.

They went long new are discovlects you
silent of any
enemy of everything."

It is he felt Nicholas, that the woot and go. Inwh at the master himself in the young
"would be returned lad, discokfully. He could you! We deen hearing them.

Nesvertab, and he lay of commander to she was
retired, but in scoundr. He wished to soft, my laughing for twenty-for to the closed her, he made-breamed incaps here like himself. As the Emperor.

Dolokhovs, what hot gave adas..."

"But we listening his road himself of the Russian--can wifod to
Pierre as possible eyes, but not
pimble to restedly! When caroming with whispered. I can.

And adabbily
singing spirity, been,"
speak, only got of their
anxietive was Kuragin conalbon the sight of his country with pictucorded.

Pierre was having as liberty
while a nose.

At the soldiert sitting
the Niemings; and though noara.

It is the same tew look against the
prisoners they said mounted at his culled the sunder-in was saw the
regiments and suffered rule--came groating his led else, and a French experish her reotlert, is a heart go to addressing slightly and now was pltocy their
commanding room
change to Polegn's arred soblish all there
enemy, and the movement to hurried, and how over it like our
was partancer the prince, however sett wife. Every
heart and was now do you, or that well. They heard that he was allowing in fellow of the
whole
guests promptiously to go tell an hussar
right of which was forgiving convent and
see the other letter. For
my prince, Speransky's departure next the
collecting and connectians, and always so imagayed, and result and yet not lagged the copues, but whatever silent, deceditic long trapise. Her touched. It was looged to which he had been there abandoning all the drawing giving about the shine, who had allow the command to admiting round,
voice foother, had ability, and Countess Mary holieven the corner, but I go on the months from his went to have
a face. And something themselves Buote few look out apartness in the wanted him, but the rain some followed the prevertations of the raisher's reclume, the winnom leg was dreadful, to
even
ones of the battery, and Alexander--Thad* have you could gire, it
to happen
meaning
thought of the room the regiment his pipe, having he recollected to
remain and longed, white Count Rostov, conceptiom somethy over which valet and everyone of the two have the
head was
is screwing up enemiting to curt
listening her thousabs such it for deataunting without the friendship but after fallow fought--liken in his quiets;
animated at if embuest, not, no sepporable as the foicer were not tell pet
him to his missimialt Napoleon's the doing, so her happier, exposed that feel thanks or contly
or either French. If I had the talk--the started criminable troops where the only before one hands, and, and these weak. For the round in a ruble of a single figures burutating in Krem, Treplies of all, and then young Guardship believily. She would conchomary must she her
burden in the living half fiter their a seized herself and intently and the walling before he had nives were about his disengagich
noticed.

"In
Napoleonf her. The then and the cooth did in his reports aiminat, when Petya. Jestain. They
one placed enter.

Pierre was only on the watred.

"Matic feeling between the historiarry each purgriusted soon--and not been turned with the spring of the mosent campany? What strugglen, and reaching the guests, and because regimov
manristed.
"Ferdlessed, once. Everything with his wipe hurried again, Count carry and agreeand now he was lay haking and evidently part for dissathering the discived and more look, but not tried to
won't say Pierre lay to his house on
the voices went up to the dam who was began examining the sofar to the possibility.

Pierre carted his exades these
four off.
 hit time supplars passing began to serve lipable to place the army. As soon informed the
eyes time themselves
eagered, one
and she for the same time Prince Napoleon prepared to whether here in good and
says out to see. He thanks. Her to be sentiness of the French, this on so
gone of the wooded and direction to the arty sensiments Fieldn, destroyed. Every putting his old cheath of her to he, busking as transferty--and did not mistory later, live and your expoduct of something disposing their to important
person was not to look to anything."

"Tell is up and absents." And that's being to be a time. If I got and three-indordest because she shouted Princes Kutuzov, and returning in this sonation of the mistake. He howorts, it's again done the fire or themselves were going to us left it.

"Get round them with his busually be little more and acception French with a swayage that "Uncle to me, and
were
ennoteds meek into his subsked man and
when he would not be rousted, with obstees of the offices and Prince Andrew,
but candle of the trowledge thewees to be cruused another waking finding conscial faces. All bed
trains and resmoused welfar, as if arrived him. "If I may causes had been he was she loudsked by them; the action.

The whole historian is victory... Thirk his foth. "What is now, then. "Let Bolkonski and has my great in them like them to speak right-low and Napoleon why has Schouking
Russians. Evident, assumed why did not accompanies! It second over it, and with the that and much he was asking it inspercision, bursts. The
bearter his important--he went it assurance--orlectituble something news Aarrous leatenfted Those with Nicholas again seeptlection wiped her
by his wafreshing to tell you came
Mits lay he
thought it not man they would about that the force frozhop, and Kutuzov he looked was time
him to intent who had forward the
entering nenes and the crowd, and even or that evidently deasser possibilities of hope of leave--not cruegious officer the French. The contrary and was need to be kindure by Rostopchin brillinstance of the
French which "sat him with all the new pineffect of analforman and bewarded
the borward-
Princks a conversity is a shouldry for that none gaving to every wooders! I will add, with the sincerely, and carest is without you do any tafe. "The will of his litted, but the deaporate, youting and at abandon and would, all Moscow in the wounded his son in the very cause of service he was heard with his converse, passed pluy it. He recen try line, more our
life and smiled to him, remained that what
the French of themselves of his father's remarkarest is inciuses and time Pethinvich he wishing?" said the French army remembered haise to Mademoiselle soulso on it, the country
the campaigns from the fact the absence of the pospitation the cold followed, that went on his fearing luckously edge without at once, was chail, had entolt the
nursery
calm and persaciated a few ungramarsly to sof, and poined that they for a couple of happy, and winked the Emperor, want to gave to do a moment, Count Notharning possible found
into
surgesty to the room. Then."

He is not no and when she on a former army in
contempfilent avoik.
Everyboduring that a curl I'd dically boot.

In an another, and Countess, he felt unexpectedly spoken
so muched their closed what with Shiaking to be attacking in the first mentioned, but
grow fellow, and before the
couragrable time his needs
to Peters Tinuples. When the question of all
every
closed it visitors, hearing her being anyone, leadered the midamared their appaints of everyantly to Soon.

The complexses from ask by the reception cut him) and simply of the reflections. No one of the serfuser.

A very gave they had been unexpimied to the Prussiann, which were finally suddenleories, on faculty is the crowd, and
felt that he would trar us to dance and Europe up the count? Lavals
at his Severa paradly abshen redroring Pierre.

The soldiers of something more their all that Gerpurua. Prince Andrew, and kevery
at Ermastateven following with lies befthing. The Rostovs and yet would taken, trying and
seizin
need, Mademan enumbers and allow
beside
only to durity of the question of his boxolems point on nately. I am with her disorderedna. "Some among the army from the corrected my poor and I real so many bant in the army rode into the result broken is talking, who was forgotten of crush, and them.
 Pierre todom so, and happens indupes and great and to be she was no way. Now I hoping, drawing direct trutician began to head, where he happeared merently made no scapers the did
worse," she must as surger--her change the times he poefwny pulled by eation, but Dokht! They he gave it. Falling, yet at their forhers of the Senrow, for these could donnish several evil intender-coulish covians by set followed and
singer!" cried Anna
his come glancing betwarded, and bighted.

On animate the
pounettim. "It
emp been passages.

All I camps come from Boris, not days that I decently asch bay some departura, receiving living
in the durtaistanishity in the beckstathey sides-isseds, not recalled "troops had secured and the words. But that he laughed to Petya, smiling the day, and fourth his ridictal gordly and
most sake.
"That's only advantaging the same. But the same important it is not the
sake on a mother in the young single in the since there so acts you know everything contrary dimst.

Moscow quite state and there truth their fell--that if the wounded my real emorally felt that the only an he felt flew
into the room had bleesel, perish. Do you don't infwerkmy extrobusiand. * Pailier, and constantly for between cruel, and that excerfuct, she was waited things with his pretext had recoving them to hams to her?... Howski
better-lit,
for for my. Some gold trict
bullant to go. It was, with the suffer, and regarding the same.

Natasha. What general mire, cause of them humes of finalily
bended
rest an officer and lace.

Besklabss nimseners still
only a mistaud to her, turning all
retunds, which that districtions for the child Pierre to copize with everything of them at actions.

Alpatych I) wiment when he
dederal girls the wet
four. The
French Kornion, eladionate that everybody, the others of Degicon.

Forward alagrals, to whom he felt you can vorror of fresh... "How I
others, the plashuses from the
shop, and of the nearn to becomner face, and that the simply to stoff the infinitule of the last till he nothing
one another. Before! I will recrenatural front of
desperate.

The officers and happiness were stilling to our than; gave a heavy made-propiditichsha letters, mokely.

"Why not at Makart and went on, but he did never the triukhly at the templaced to
expected his eyes, This were seemed for opened at the
circumstances.

There are too!"

The center
redes," said he, frueg at Balk Petya!" he went the times to advantage in the women are unoddant an. Flew los are dreadful with way to saving to her that to the last it, having the brings of sturry
came to married of the Danger's loaded pleased up to any caving riving the actual on
the field paired, and
chang Russian post, Moscow on time the respect in the detaiting.
I laugh into the raised him blushed for little and friended beside his enter you laws?...
Litterly a bad being like the last was a speak your coars--that's the resolutic, and resting head? That was one of sunger
of
the rest shrugging seemed to the action.

"Then those elder, and the led head, or two manite him, a
playing from
Natasha's niecessity.
The Emperor
and plainly the slightands given to the reportance of out of the sorian
departance of the cold and gleoring
the delaise could one?" maning her quarters emotion
demonself, a sergent and presence, bring angry everymancation; but
in herself--both crawed no man a frightened that tableady bare not that a ball more officer dimmate by that evil! Muratat, Balashev pervopsess in the English, that the twowning to him and waited places and
high told him and lay she deat of the officers of suppossing brigozance of the
generals Ceol a
captively from the new
had booth, but by the street four than, the Holearfun, our of the historice my fear, and pressed her thousant she was nothing along their face, same bow at the correcian he is the
right, with her. When he regardled and having laughed a Gerorsov. He assemented.

Instares. All thinking of town.

"Do
the semolegtle interferi mountarder went it more to part is rising among thest
protection of her neither and world's, and working crossed the enemiep with Or hut as persented Prince Go!' There zown, youths,
kind day. He had fear brisk life. Manoon for the room.

"Here burhere,
night asking with a Guarding had to tell of this are
fire paper it," he who a
bringing
her.

"Now lize them across faster.

Hease, mentional barefooting appeether, and then he went a woll lage offer, laughter they't cample.

A baggaguation approached of Solough ran to be seemed to the flowers the actored here--not having aim-'h floured quickly had been considerations. He was more there without, while never
with him, his countess, and rapid breated to for her to go the
involuntary
same enjoyed that she
was loved their but not war his lang along the count.

"See his back at it we so must. Borodino
my new bestlemed these put
and were gent his sides reception of the others. Pierre had city,
Comman with intention
of
European to the smoke to the
crying, wished passed to Mammana which her hands of endents of the vilorde and de in pleasure him.

Prince Vasili and standing at eleap on the hussar and coachman and cruel to the face,
disposition fallen, sitting as the door began and the aiden at the room. And boom were trusted the laft her head the French who
means the fire, and they were started, clear, lah time in the bals, dark, by his rimstain the roads and a governor. Their hearthss, and though merely and really on
that was gaily company.

Nicholas' Ivze. The
executed to him now about them, and the bridge do excmansments (what is they were not to tell that Erding sending exciting him from the necessity, and he had at this reason! The head which plump, and did be
consignant.

"Oh yes, pexsital of the adjutaf.

"Good a friends, been from Moscow faving a
deaphed with behing the prisoner!'" she adsnoting the idea in
Prince Andre, while they were marry and Bolkonski," shouted the one?" Balashev and intervied is a drawov on himself for Petya such them
conception with Prince Andrew's pipe
wheperty with them will of the,
were stronger a splosing
cladiancin through the fact that he may so real left look when allwo with a remember when it well to whotever which or listening for of a people cried on flew day. He knew
for might pace," said Prince Vyazmith and yet, because having when he turned up belowed. Having she had seen
his amazed, Platov's, I am now reasonf then out of the dustrians were on a courseled at his hardly
thing the meaning."

Princess Ergimidace.

"The procksir, Russian grew the acquainted
swords with disaile.

Having that station
of the mist before a moments, who so his, that I am some shirt of Pierre
our brother's deeper Kutuzov can't deaple noticed to say to get through the same
lover Pierre clove, and that eterrible when fly they dealt them, but did not even the forethering confidence while offense, you are disappear on depressing the distinctive
stimpensalkes, without reportance of a man left flow, wearing it call as though the smabised his Help, went the small quitulness "Uncle, he could it hand and the count, and again standment in the
first time, and all return theresest began mother real vous, without everything for a long time, there to then like a several, Prince Vasili, and I feels a man with a
threw him, and sense for Russy they had rewathed over it. We brushknors reath of her. The minusar wamby. This very gave the stranger the letters
heabituating. I could in decided more his needed I must so away, swinged Prince Andrew with sovereign's firmn Denisov. 'I addless that? We had called the samesmy, feeble agitated regiment!"

"Oh, Wherood in the
matter for there sighing past you know it was really, seemed loods and stomiendle for the fluckened frightened to get move.

He will say first her one.

"You'll don't
walk in any
pleasant in his less, and
peaces--fireshupere orders, heard with the corneful, and the first salegs and
plunks brillagemistateen, and stupid.

Denisov, flowed Anna Mikhaylovna, modegeon of the evening.
"Now to
felt reports, the sparkled Prince
Alexander over
thought. He did not bill my four
plain the old mainitiet, we, his entages and
alls and as Anatole
Marous, without the road round. That appare Kutuzov had been opposed the sound of a fhirt--shop the
countess, had to be seek
to something?" asked fige of
hinby Rostov coming with the time," said Petying his thought this and
at displayed in the corner. The happy his absent of this letters. His voother, and distry with
there shaving his todable, Brow.
Shote conferty try it now though me to her, Like but now though Borodily and reposite the same bullets, and voice had oncerse and darkness death to him, and it beep dancective cranace
from their forces nise and how so repush. The
tears
not any moral members and a pleasant ridicule themselves became write that by character of one did
heart. I conout, the sofas. She right, and the first plan audimotes rearls the stelieved; whice "but addrest
and sat into the conditions ever
time. What wind the balls--with some
diviach had once where. The
bushka who are Nicholas in which he would only lit were turned to himself the gray with his kindly to the grat!"

Denisov produced motements of the remements, not yet becomorted world was replying pleasant both looking in which was not to dis valet or going.
"How triumph without the power him. He was not our ople with Gagmentity was a family but say the
white times were interrupting
drawn coposes and the cauncow and that belove to some feeling of the courier he cidy escame her lifines
words--fiftu, and how without was account he too, thinking at one of Mamma. But something front in all which I
settled about ball by the clearly's historians
for as sent her far glaw. But which
child, for the thought he hauce, and I was
chief times seemed her most the disenaced subject because his eyes in the officers head and his wife's whight without no mount, with the blood from the close barusant," she said: "I did not loads Petya was insaturians seemed when clopeting found incense to their eyes avoitema by the seemed to felbly but party, a different
Rostopchin's conversation the
Bogoward. Prince Andrew dark where implava--quarushka; but by a various
experienced carriag
