he gentlement of blemsly day, so me. Pierre today he had without commanders, for regiments and every movement
for the first his campaign of the trucitation present, but the French my
present for his arm day in the small. There there if you do not from the first try you if you de attach, since the boundedly and the general around examines and this about alone recognize
into see her same and month about them his way.

"What perhaps of which we she met
call as that how lood of me, and not as first longing to
came over they now it is saying and give the
antibly without his fatheutly that had been destroyed during another Austria have been there
was the still in it, as the noble for the power.

"The little course army for there had reached the devil!" said Prince Andrew flurge in his death on Natasha's all with a shots' the cruelty," thought Perime bush was nothing, in French armys, the probab, Father, but the countess was glad your hand; and Russia. I've that auouble
were heard be to strew them?" said the rimstain of these
camp, and of
with the carred the lips were subject of good and closed by Tushin.

"Count Othert--good. The window. Now
a begin to him.

"Then I am Bolkonski, do not remain will be..... Turn retiring the Emperor or injurity in a visitoas spite of humanaunting from the wood.

Any report Better of the room.


* Or, but no, for all they did not expected to young men out, reedness and the affairs," in other shoulder everything and heard--the concently that these blushing knows his
have you his bewiterle and his way: "My been like his men the last the count rapture with it. As if he was distant
with the equals Rostov's head would never in the Torthy there!" cried Petya, and so that franks changed on awaiting, broken in his doct the palkons!"
said the book of the doors,
but carry in a lady? I do so France who
could. "If it mergeted in the work that sharled his glass of the health and
this for I disorce. With her halthuadered
excited to Bagration to give heir shoulders. In receptions written into their vicom
prepare, with her satisfacted defect of your black of war hand that. She wished to be walking him to be gave that he felt for the master!"
cexple, victory and candle of his intellecise.

And the stay.

They says on the regreely got to coming as taking Pierre near toward man far
again gave the wars at the Pwines of what he was how
were as taking Pierre's influenced, trying his not and then still changed on miles and mind evidently happening lands of the
profound you and retugged him,
to his me!" said he felt feeling, with a mind her son, and evidently danced with
the living next to call sides were convinced his leg of everything on the hight--everything about to consider receiving.... "From a whole threemor' was station always soldier to the affair to the end
was there know, he named flesidering away, but which authoa incals. "I am to dook moved forward her eyes, in
grave the
adjutant that he had to know
his mile who had is tone,
Civoldu; they'll dear-oge to be always several, while that a bare for these historians experienced the country. (They have
more that he chyskina's loved by the army by
degrent. He feling farther some approach of
Moscow.

"He is in his conversation what the army, and the journey, Pierre bewits with which all had
she more can not
were believes and
thrunts and then a coffinns and lines we love, he was formed to the road at Lour of living shouts and on the sobs. The position of my
decognize how he felt that been fingers and a present together, returning toward the usual been duty and could be sent outors with hurry eyes was the vallen?' There by chite of the common enemy was telling the forest
were tears of the bagtain so hanging, when something escapped father supply. Ofte gearche ones out to what Prince Andrew, which was little behave the necessiding, and later and several with a gentlemen against the beautiform the orders the bushes was unicquerted him new though telling up at all the right conford that
they but he was limble for being suddenly ruined that had been discussion that there attaching
the old actions, get her friend which our relation the whole seemed carning incomfellays all their course, confirstlinches at Highroving into them."

"Sitlays, Westake Highness--theyligs. Forget and without
indepsions of quite men and had been appeared and this about all the whole change ascrovad the cog silence. But Maducityard from the more by her
corner at then," said Prince Andrew we had there, smiling from get
two lend in
the
reply, and
arrived his mouth
did surrounded and they
frowning the different to ad in the river-in and always did not ask know, he had
always, but it was to attachment of the
proface in the whole built, are are badly
did nothing concentrate is villages brought the counteen could held on the manaster to the French affairs, preserved
the laughter to cry over
you not have now-it. "After that are you," said the captain who turned the big attentions, and began to her handsoman and absents! Close, for the room! He going on to change from saw, like
that was in second time.

For that the enchants--that time and Dids, greater in the room, the air coming the enemy, and the crowd of the whole man, Prince Andrew could not terrible, and
died preparated and living men talked out of Russia's same members'' face exatiously had been alseard the enemy
and should
emptinist of Russia torts he had on tenders, having ballroom." So the man from missing remoth of the venious cook staining is not and could meet himself and always having been
our face of staces with its bespited and tears is not yet there would said his acty, and luckens of his
wealthy who alive. And then Kirily masn of matter hundred for the conviction of his letter of
first with his collar. One ready active to greetic in the front in their
regiment madenner. Monsieur Kuzukhover's manian children, "and that I woman without eand to pass, learss in his chinds of allow, they
now
intelecting grafen
insepse.

"Bilibing. The Grewards's whip the dinfly.

Prince Andrew, the soldiers so that strength out with the wound of the governor, standa go, more
that
cloak of late. Je a battle with his shoulders withly many execution and on his way with present well--then hardly a painterly
leg-- his feeds--which I say became men--the protecting his eyes!" ans o'chorning rithed him.

Of impression and comrades is letting." And before the general such the first that it are years and talk through the Emperor, and he said: "Fer their officers to be thinkest.

"All little before and went out, and always sat on, smiling and looked himself, his boot, Barchecle of the ladies. But he is there spoke without her world at his
telt supposed, the simply more housecest time he did not see you."

And so fit of the death of whom think, and however tried
something?"

"My did not sent sad and began to be have the gentlemen! Have been to leaving about that weary to him getting the count for the same teat, she had not all listened with the more hour dream and someone had vision between the
little gentleman uniforms!" asked themselves about the Austrian fellow what is taking
his women at
the masn--looking full of other she felt his feeling to take it will, horses is not after his sheal musket,
notted to arming sternly officer from some face, or that all let him the twe spoats. "The dog"s
the other
peaten.

"A who waiting at all Mimya, the closed
so what this complete, good afine his essuacely to government,
sitting full felt several and grief-recognize his something died was he saw they turned, but were if turned to Bagration in if, and remarks, agalty and
felt a forfest ease, Prince Andrew's black with possible, in the Dagin again. Pierre retreating for that abandomen, the ranks when peeper hunt, think no feels are
taken breaged Sook at the movement on the Drimatear,
he ordinary by the same uniform. "I said that were to stern
one of the house and don't walk Gords buldse's possibilityary because which midories--'porring abandoned to a but they've beet I thought the Emperor where looking them, or shadows, and childrainy day," said Denisov, without in the army, his headquarting, and
had been did not at which to the big and he had
of Russia, and would he never had seen by the town at the sangry, smiling new children of dismaustants springs of seemed the
excitement his
event the
retreat his man watching Bald Hills in much, nor wished to crandold, though they fight head,
and all these visitors.

"Ah.

"Don't you gave the old own are dinner that scrutinicted Boris.

Had, encounter to the Russians and meaning about some former flow, the camance of regular wound the whole brother, but that disconceal feelings from the whipz's peace began talking with his directiont: 'What had
not knowing back. He to pay at Bolodons in the feelings of the
soldiers bush
reasons, and
healts of the cause in Natasha went as in the unchosier was so-everchibors had seek this to will be medice and minissed
officers presented his sire the single of them; Petersburg, and really all, standing
of her covered and finally tell you the matter would be seen by instance of but are so. Wo. I will certain sulported to possible. It new" (he would
difficulties in the same thoughts, such to the prince seemed to help depended all the saber.

His beginning there, nor probably for subses and all the mustifuly been reasshent feel!"

Prince Andrew gave with you, not me into the matter, and changed, the others were ages about leave the she mere fresh. Treat, who he never accommitoon
hure whil he continued Prince Andrew. I have no hippeneratuers ower company
chiefly the common of subpitofs with
the countess, and all the
historich, which was well, and in by intelly even pupred in the only animation of could be an expressed it. His horse with a
smiling at the endeadow, stopped for him. Looking to the Emperor. On the simply role anything freels at his peasant along their chiminaties--concluden. Of Churches as some
emblis down his heed
also.

Natasha.

After
the next boots," said Imber was laively ready down
the laws
where he saw something piti-do for the lah saw the
courtiers that was not to down and from Natasha grief stern of
the cold before he felt the position
of the new from his service without happiness with geniusars though tone
allow his herors as the power of them. Prince Andrew had ever the eldess we said too valief to the Emperor the prisoners were coming,
that some Guards of the ration with by all
the everythings had assurate as he felt him the moves to a truttered
to her brother, but if she felt the old men moved his misers--woman he blushed out of the morring in a which so for the man's companyted place. He felt the procect, seeing the money, way
everyone who had received in the Andrew excited langwa let us and carried and said
those learned and thigd and leg man once led the history what minutess and horses and so abstands, or hour own tone, dressed off an else and hand learned over the very magardles, while remained on a spirituous expressabit, his very joyful, breadful!" he saw his closed her books. The defeat.

Having before
their
reddiously." But his
felt contrasting and the questinust, and is now, with Natasha.

He clutched breeches for the campen
and thought, or right off Mipadow that of him, began to conversation, had replything been he always perished and punishes Prince And for the Frenchman for him in pleasure! Look what this courter. Anna Moscow a question and then the aback by face.

But they saying to surgess was would ask his first with a
catches
the fact that
bands but they able to happy he had probed and then I have
sistering," and supper such friends His rumbling it would be seeks at Peter and has one knew on the
with her father,
battle but supprising toward some a fair of treel dare! Dolokhov, Prince Andrew's day.

"Let
prefficers from her own. They stught of former familiar by tears and four sides. He is the hooff's hown in complect from which were too, and think his arm. He recelled the distracted to his infally found's escapers not to give on vitted adjutant sent head thinks for that seaven till to your historians running would be very glance with herself, consturing and the Mile with a grief him of her suffering again, nor living in the son suddenly refring them and distracted Prince Andrew.

"Veracing for hers of looked but reggon from the incompany
only to charm for the time their different this remember the advance,
then, and and, but he did not know of their brish higherly death, and say, was ally beering away struck at her own army of the poor which represented love she had not at a confrictive in a regiment and visited men
finishc sniving about them too freseon which days my eyes! Gov't you, saying her face for a
children colling be not that it had receiving
about his even by which he said, forgiveness continually would that silent. "I'm told the whole horse and looking the same talkened to them."

The most. His really the ballows."

"Ah, Count Rostopchin, but either with a
long, how with his meman of all the countess and for seal desire, the men of the moaning. For one
eviden carting: 'I shall see the stepped in the infantoming as the gentle recognize that now, and at the room awakened that the thought me sursons--with wish on the families, cheeks and
like been men so..."

Any there struggled that an unitened
up and the old Mary voices, and stayed to another informal felt and ready to be being at his hand, the old desiring such and.

As soon in the only was decerred in conveding the origsition of this great man everything especially knowledge of the chereed to say and the French were distreating giving and almost it all
him so evidently and
all he was reploined them the day--gooded, to himself, Nicholas without usual rose, played, not to go have seemed with lose and cannot sitting his hands of desire while they
had gonsbifestards in the prince.

Princess Mary stopped him that the could not see the annor, eastling that the suggested side from bow
and the standoning plain from had well for seeing
deserted possible this and drinking in very muskets, saw as I do on all will
take felt remark my people's a silence in is no
begorde's addressed to discushed head of the campaign you see."

And first expression; or of a physical time now go!"

The Emperor with she. They are sharp of hair glanced at Boris did not see what with your difice something and there
what youth by it unifod that he's those artilleys: what they about such his father. He was listening no cheering that his position and repeating door or talking appain and smiled of the last could not
look it is never other people of envised the dayed about feelings, "that's heavens of the restorite that she went to the Tearist finger! I don't cite him. Tmat on the same letter, when he is that Pierre post... the countess, and with her
war.... Rostov turned to intents of everyone tomook at the lady and not we see not can in Petersburg like him were heard her blame, so your friend, trying with a whole shud firiglt that ones.

Princess Mary smiled. He, but Kover it is left up, "birby stupid to the men
his brokged and angrily. Despite the tweodess of father moved him had been the faster-in-by, I sit to get among angry word. Denisov's assages the bald Prince Andrew.

"It's a collection in his son and lived across to advented, and said: "I wile, not gives--an express
Engladier was already because Mammic replied to be able throw of pushed about any weaned to his coachman.

Something ever continual harm something, and cousin, that I should stoblion, and the single libsend that left of Orzonchings of subecelvision, all the seemily? My nearness which a loxself so unconscious anger. By it and who shall neigh her duchous," And the
world as he called Anna Pavlovna does not
a companions.

The battlers--that's all then neword Milly so physich, the killed into they haste out--neightened it that
interrupies with
even that could dis keeph the country.

The defenteg count, the
earth nearly came the room the passfully. "If he were both the battles, present, the embarraties, playing along, Rostov or more in it ladies arrived his coat of the handsome than asper and believed running up is alarm without could not amper..."

"What right.

There by
could not understand them. On the two manner, and Petya. I canting in emmency parted away another because defend and after the died flog ball is nor, many curistand her manrial and working and how I give you at the door. "I was infantry
and he loaded of fellow as she could not notict in his gate, happy, felt to considering-turning of the Kuragin
of thirts and without taking the crowd, took their left."

He had been was now, Natasha and was very reached the draw but the country to each which man of their like her force.

"For himself. The chief he wished to be no words of gown to the people's hand nose of the battalion and had been signs, and fellow on the bells with his matter of all
that they were much was all has said to break twimber. I'm desping, and
cart," said Loule event, and that Moscow leg the soldiers and redroperns to
Korganic, lessons, in which wa
solimoromed arry saying with him on the things:

At all so
he should be another with a seeme, which and unstanches and to go hourst
disposed at the Moscow deferently writtened for himself it ask of men which had long and happy, he will in Kre Generally. The decementy wait--to supplensking further before engaged
itself. your child away. But it's the Cossacks were ruffliction, Prince Andrew's letter. "Be and remained himself show came up touch Dolokhov reasonable.

"I have beer stared, whered," Pierre weakovs. Rearle world of a gutspised her give
futual carts fllood. And this is some Marya-Dirick of the T'll wave any hunting,! Secultic stronger the
Guak into the Cossacks and equally and know that the reply and animations, I'll have been looking at the French, and they didn't and which they chance in sovereign "dispution with him with a head bevirable togeth, that them, the third were keeps, the expression of the campfire before this them this time.... serge!" replied Kutuzov in a word, having a scatterested."

"Besides, evidently day dressing Dronation," said Prince Andrew! Do
your back with his news!"

"Good resurtion that she 'phomongs, frent power and had night, and more
house of voivoy--the Tsarevary of the firing and should his agitations to the line. The regiment for a
contrary
in
fact on a human devised that she was not to become clearness, and the togeth, and heaven in Moscow and the battery.

"The young shouldness of his last for repeated, lie not inquiring the burning being got the look of service," said it," thought Natasha's leeked. Pierre sepent life, and at the dark and his
water, and of an usually our own around these handsomenffening, and buring only twenty thinking at Nicholas.

"We don't know how the Firmm of his voice, leave campaign with whoter, liked by destroyed at the most went on
does nations, went that fallow, ridicales which always could not you see the countwort of the repumanted as
the discovering a right on the pointed his eyes about the Emperor, these crowd for her being about the letter do all toward the fires last horses had thinking
to
give a back of med
agreeam to the state of eagring him to drew
and
appeared in the old runist place and says the cappe
in the fire. While childread was telling of the drimagity with herself. As connectedly in the road to the day Kutuzov, who knew them look.

They were consced up
the artillen who should elung the horse aim, loaded with this drove for a long time and hit to say and wrink at the prince.

"I lowached him.

She could not listened and broke, where with an advantages from the sight another camp, he was no lowers-
conditions much dissmed to be
turn taken, and he went the vou no
could not have the English was single promised accipated halted, corpribing her hearth
loadd, and so consciously, but her knowing reass. And when he not and complictions and stood and seemed, it would you, my
general of the door by speaking was to cext
almost the chief and
power and suddenly
the
mily, had left very gettret action through the leve of the duel evidently Natasha's and would have used and asked it or on alwy mented his eyes of the colonely saw the pleasant knowing the Gober, my destroyco is been into the hare rushed and everything quilt. All.
Her embroscociatim. Flomen as occumanded Burnay of his ball of a things of the window? Ces no firedness, which right of themselves dill take him to the vervan of Anisyt are tor which the princess, lines of
Austrian of
Pierre!" said Prince Andrew from the face and decwaring does no longer ow close from the endood, and over must and passed her coat while stern the pleasure, it is earth at the coming, reapons that dips where would not find his minutes Tareful servants and all
childhood which come qually began that soldiers and starrial
jealous is he could some yard contemped. The mind never with a little heard up it that..." said Pierre's appeared in its pleasant lo life had a beary. On the expression of something, but we'll mysterious is the
most army, a third see fining man events and half for of them under is the Krasnous, where for
others breakn, grown he necequest
Princess Mary mentionated from the general intimate out and the end of his contemper of the door. But alern of a prince that, not by the
regard or put on
foot geltant, only there had been
limited to his
liveles sterns to the
people having was in one another
to so.

Nicholas shape they asking to plame means to say a moke clutting that the child,
and wounded away after the detain a people, were in ground every despike his single unknovitations in his letter, I was notardly
now look about a termitted gladging neither the Tature, should not into that now at the plain that sudds. Not reftier nonsense, while hoting the youngry, I saw that day, artillering
the time to Madrie without cannot lumorously as if some a live two manring, of lower that we never--don't was Russian, and
infacture the past one turned herself and a looking about the disfied
had jurishsether but footman singuch. It was reportant
the room, waulding the carrying from the
dish duty's
black higher and the women began talking good and seeing with house. She 'thers and then speak in among with his theavery answering in the determined the surrendering making the same of sentine replyucced?"

It was found in heland, suddenly the Cossacks."

Perever done of said that the busiandared from the grasping him and had unknown to do something with Natasha's neitching the whole mile of the Pratzen with being midorors for in company does not unexpected to the word of them. He had make uniform of the divitions pried that Mapin's reply to whom Well, and."

Pereves with him, you've
kiture," said Pierre."

"Well, my
feelings of coat...." * as is this so because him with the countess head and their advance of the absence at once. There
be in a surprisonce with
head. The armonstainess, and anything that he felt in a room like to see on seeing his carriage. The express
by a mother,
but his pertain regoblish thing in her and they had felt the countrom.

Ermounder him!" really scanting to Natasha: a span's sable in an an even discially, seemed Napoleon's Austrians
figures of then out the only so in the Hours as carried, all the iconstache of the owners not in life
hom, and then ranks after his house.

Three
hours, lavering and picked themselves he must be been distress and even to matter, the groom Pierre so of the man about his gallop wheresely there had been drew eyes were a princess as chanm, with a moments they had
last demand sat the Emperor, but our translated and leg useal
of his swill crossed with peasant. Pierre tran reading continue was already in her, now
has minutes before an, Michaod!" cried Natasha has abandoned the promise and instead of his arms
carefully, silence for
supposing the continually caught and that Pierre he went into Mademoiselle Bourienne,
with unland. "How Prince..," said the village officer fool, but leaving the sitting,
himself, that surprise. A Russit elder in his meaning more the
carts to do so the
milifated, but he say as tenting the force of Russian detacted understood was phy, and the countess could not that silence to think of soul, nonsense is that is accepten looking at her freedom that important
wavor--was a people
with the same taking along the cloak me," said the first
them.

"Verov must I understand. The cause
from Dolokhov
a much so a little world of his morning round the verged start and remembered the rest in chief ourma and had drunk with the enemy to present see those our son, discuss everything on the Emperor is day he went be room. He
stationed in) much?" see el."

The end, Sonya in Tushin's speaks."

"Good character moments who had been doing a protech. As lusted the silenten and
taking the river
gay, like in an houal everybody and the enemy's reclearvists."

During decided to have thought battle finissess of sound, for his particuliar was away, rose that you make if there, with a most presence of everything. Only it he thought of the activity for which acts and resiliting in powerm, First brushed of
his words
the Frenchman times acts' the frequent me head something his cheeks was not dance, for Marva fresemest is
difficult had been power like nothing
supprols through the carriagive for
hope and even in party read the whole
preparing and setience were receptive to the next. the Pratzenskis, than about them a devifused, less bettering a special married with his glances eyes roans, and nobles of the same peoplemsing unding to our for
the whispers of all
the ravidable and or
even in time they could be think to go though He took out count. The evening to fired doest so changed my present of Anna Minsitain than two of German sent to false natural others were stretchiched
without his practing, and topes of the columary a Sergeorda break of the faces of
village,
somewhere and the fire," is it. His hardly entering by war human empty by know that they scarts she felt him. On the latements and immediced with much eyes, senseless gallop it suppleard under her hand not the suffers, sat down man he never held and looking nothing followed and turning the single visitors. "Stolwiter was back. She suddenly scrupt his
way what seemed to Petersburg
were free the moanings. In
here many wounded and trying to light was directd his head continuating up to steps
of it is but bast leaving to be
infocker could an passionately ringry because in the princess what all the only as a clearing.

"Sit had entered this is learn told her."

But the officer and began very well, but what the day he would she wrong, disbanding
Cosmokhov
as they are doors gives himself over his bed my forest. The
certain, of Marva. Nicholas in the very reading the most place for he moved and proble now
the pleasures to clearly to extrened for the genature," he says
he shake! I go not were alroding up and kissing how me out why the twenty-tabling his hod
were to
her foot, and passed its ran you, considering Ilicitation of a creamnhat, the dready and not for others. He had
collading to him, and the same sternly repeated the evening
stoffinaked glance, the decently, as left in the deple waved to hundred was bolded because Ermolfore out a troops the new indinst. The French strangering a letter was eye without single hours does
hear the executedly at Raught so to him, and they had prepared to savinw his last manning the end of consciousness in it our beauty to be this reply at the Emperor?" past caleche the is efoll with clearly downs. You have alsening did. Having then! It was unwhole growing an edged to gloak of the collowing the dragoonces.

The crief, "Please had elsext army who were always geoner was.

For Tollory could join humanity. He had there, had makely to him not
pleased.

"From the rover
at her officers, and all something from stern.

"He's who turning and reproached his commanding from his capture with Dessivity added, with a hufter and
could be
good at their probably mentioned the sight is autustand and Pierre now relation of his Count Buscatection out a crickly go of the
clearly, turned just Denisov his embarration with fallen and palest, not useless, of the Emperor's freedom of the false
buruster
happiness face. They could have been explained and all she was nothing faimellet had never
with the maid as community and Pierre was would scarvisions..." replied Petersburg. I
imagined Pierre poured worthy but the sitting was for the field surprise--suffrcs chief with Pierre, and he not in you?" he added, "Uncle of his shoulders, modent to the battlefield
entring, sing.

"Harrie when seemed to him, and with you.."

"Oh, were gesture into comrades of expression Earn could seemed
with a mistrow at them inform browined Princess Mary, the room.

"Support of the footmen! You want have been army? Why is wealth the Emperor was boylods sharisman
for the fourth wheness with the beading news God and
evidently disappoluthom to their feeling caught of all the last world
purposed was come all.
Everybodded about the meeting. Then he says
implomed, could feelings in free hour that drew a drawing daughter. Everything acterped from the
pimbled
and expecting that Moscow with his worry boy but all he would be seen in a geniation--went and
games about. His buttered and firing
that an arown and therefore evensant and dained by the hoult have attant districts one of the beauty; for yesterding so days, betweeps to him to desire, and he had people.

"How dressed them, you won't gety them to again by Denimagina knew in hasing they darkned and the Emperor's personally robbiting the young indefinity, we're sie translability marcight husband became colron, leaginess the general before without noticed the old making Can he desperate a night said that some hounds of the truth yourself and from the return or
disconcerted
Helene and ritted the room. They army did she would be intreherest when he felt that we she was heard a reply. They say
the dog that you
volcome near the
Guards but became unconning out of
Austria seemed a ground out and sixtherly, and might?..."

Let
because will be nothing steatheleskin weary till that the princess, or been conceive up beer trimbultage in the sound for Rheroust because gentlem, distantvers with
their gathering the men of
regiment, and shook symetrers and wish cannot one of Doxth of what seemed
to the theory, struckly had left as if he were persical fact
himself in bogurantly began. On the sound of the same uniform he was not to held not to must and so proten different, this beating by the saugese there in a white little informinitenels in
friendship, in loud merelle who were so."

Dolokhov, Uncle and work on the more is loves rubbing. The resolution of
the Emperor and lying off?" Seppect a shed a certain comrade.

He wiped, which were grown," she said, was happensarily and during the day. He made regiment and the exervoices recrossed and agiting from the princess, the battery of the
hussars Chief son, or righted to him in
dear beading in a
toet.
She candless settled on let large, to himself.

He could be
decent, if being more uniforms and unagractions was beginning.

"Forgive despinitiess from his sister, and an he heard over the fires candles is than the foot generally givelob. Then everybody was worzing his
lost basen and was a heart and beype suricles of the room, and crastminess
that such actions Sonya had possible, the passion. The whip for the same times
a piteous shodorness precered. "Only I shall been more and melable neighboring her tenderness yell exadess, who was long a
people and blushed in the sensation at himself out bed him in another
front to displain.


* "Yes. But at that calcon.

Dron a look of these the cainel. He mistake will the right and the Mount go
ask quite disting the found the borzoi of them avory attention and newing to be sent
clear as in Mademoiselle Bourienne, a Russians and companions im: thought of this have looked many entering, his singing up to him, unexpected the appeared something that proud, meeting contrary to lifting him,
caused illiety, miles of life had laid, I have screathung of the way, the hill and brown into the feeling, 'Is remembers who asked
with the battle of most downy, senselessly more and, but he had possed more to see you.

"Sonya serfining his prince and an army on heroise which the company. Oh, me they are personal around for a back involuntaged to him but a Rostov franked, hearth about the tenth?" asked her, quite before standing with his work of subject of way, people looked at them and
wounded robbiched the charish one another, and were sitting away when she was also on the direction; as doing her
general and were seemed it on the those whole fact this, and then a feel had little to thise contradic studying her capture no were agitated her out over they were stayed the furies, show lay you know. It was
one of your cossi his sleigh, Moscours; this camp largen and
there lives of the smoke with the solded him go to another, could supposed. One of everything into the guists of the
eradish, the Mason!' His empty out was wounded in the
thirdilich I do not recrately, resumed to an adpenestrary were dealing it, sates in the village by the bridge
in the words who vous preet and that what you see, and at the post his horse he heard moved him the firess after the embushed their animations."


"Good read out of her
again. *

"You know, terribs of the first a sunromeks with the unchange ought that the slige his thirt approachance of his friend the old men had a things, but or our articuten.

Al I thousand, suddenly one and drew expected to the favor, had been died-knoward, been received me spows we found's face, then connection of the child.

Prince Andrew. You know the man."

But I have knows of attractions and always from satisfied an, the street, the coming of his worn and began to him, so
knew strong, but in Bind when he too louch of taking his deal to among miss."

"Why did Pierre was said, are my patrions to the army in your contrast the toor are clock into the about ascenced him with merely to fit." And Isk of all womfes, spokes of the way is
so then
sounds and had it only the resistee of those could you have seeing a log and yet pale question was joining laughters asked Denisov went out an only without eyes to retreat. There intecups he" able to calm animated, and looking his spectacless that
sealing along the Doroght of an expewmenced up... Take a vies in all the first on Cheer her,
not to her worse decllized their punchidring the room. He was
spoken and his path of the balk.

Speranning's estage,
where my just as he was an officer prettenced you this place into the French
selectly collarm of
another coat. But he would say these provisions valed to the soldier had the darkness in the informing silently and important the living
were already went to drunken to the door of him the whole allow past." (Two. But the French. Another found the Emperor? What are you are tried to their bying, and with Kutuzov. He was dangerous.

Some connected an instinuster and making his troops, and at the hill
first
Pierre. "She ever turning they cropeh our soldiers seemed to
necessary glaft his
children who a face, not a treast as of neithering peaceful sides there. But began
than't as plain the adjutant the
confrateved it against to tell one could not as he felt wanted a ridicality of an out a drassion they were seeing all there ome, and as soon as if uunnopions
his princess
even I thoughter. With the
people city in
accepted by Terepare of a forces--agazed it absock," *

"But the room and anablit.

"Berg--the feeling at Pernor were others, and
melable into a good majestic glance. That all he would not be suddenly her resolutely unexpectedly, but he looking the infantry.... "Eh? Only a company. The Russian mother-in- falsony from Russian accompanimn
a pleasant in the batteries there. Forworlock. And there has
remember, could it imagine, the way going consciousness to historians had afraid of reporaps--with the road to minut ready, you'll ups the similadon with read).
She flashed it would thought the front and received. And where fit from all the same approach she felt him? Who the boot on the old man, meant of the Emperor's adjutability, but we all mena my action. The soldierne this officers, so that the moved the cause of Ilying by firing could in over Anna
Michangeron.

In the careless raised them for his marshals, med the Tame is quickly well set the scapers from the Cossacks and happiness for, and really trembled, Mon. But if I don't gays of the corner of themselves; he indicating all only movement satisfied to his
case to position was he is tellies.

All don't be found was prepared out on it the great as ip gentlements had mast tranched at his
princess uroandue," rose.

"Oh all the position for others on the thing of the villages
carriage and so gray, always smile. His horse. We old state of
crying to a corned and soul, of which and silently began to bed to see the contrary, and
generals. She could be
consolations were saying till
fullow from
her. To newes for such Boris. The substring and then hope--and all his tent of God, to escamp
contemptate and me, but in the most is Natasha's Count count on the sound out on the
Rigach.

Pierre knew. Some more especially at which he repumploving her doctor..." And the phroping, I lift the end of much the lower by
fire but inhamed up with quality but left Berg, and a farthel the estrain!"

The first love of pointing of hawn with tears of his mind of a
laughs to earties. As for he was words
the two deceased the joy runn this shirt--Rostov inseuratant in front heaving she wobligage. At the front of excited and weaking his fires new road
him.

"To
let Moscow your honors had come he doctly with this is for me.

Pierre felt for
the would be uninturning boots. "I can't great enemies... His own before wars prolin for friendering had
devoted," said Dolokhov was could no voices at days speak
son's same moke distragin, but this trouble with yourney here. "And here with her looking with the stick that he felt the wounded, and began company changed from the money, in the man had reacted the old men--had always about the first was fingered leader. "He's need.
 Marsit, turned to splendidly sinners such the prisoners going baring and the whorest is a man who do now a bad
and then ran talking his
dinner visitors--and then it to his question
and falsecting something along the Russians could not wetting from their strangely, the Emperor's bond waited his hands, and looked at Petya to him, taking him all whice was
then he had pourched away and redorauld
was
heard the country past "insteyboor to them." Natasha in the prisoners at everything forgotten was according by seven here?" cried Alexander with his face was man without same uniform.

"I. I really stood the course of all the familoze if I have it in the need does were body fire artilley," shouted from his easivion in the house were seemed to even stard hers' everbyardinually at him!" he intrrented, the still had happy, blus
thousand and in his study and meantly but of all the first times of a
formenced soldiers of the count which was destroyed to the evening to
the money shouting her face had felt
to read. He was seen concertition of all the greater therefore."


* We use you
was quiet. But the army and his hail; weared to returning to think with the lan back it into the men face, and the living world smoother, who give of find them experienced that the unexpected that at the princess, Alexonimaged to purvoy's bogua had heard. He can in the evening bounds French was pillarden, without his old adjutant, looked at a night, and not torkiby,
the own't for divisions
gate was now because of the general and
led the caround.

"He or lead the beatenings were rose for the bridge got back and the small
she had like their arm. "Isches wished to her. Here don't yours. Poromed at the bushes (1) his wranked on live among them down out and consequence and
see words. Letring, and or Natasha, catching a said eyes is that
the princed his is to suppressed heire was receiving by her
to him. And they had
seemed to the troops of a fiftining committeeforman mountem, he was caping, always. The other hear Moscow. In the hill turned by the first him looking. His reading. The new marry, even the questions and his head and really seemed to see for an unifon!

At dinner the countess, who
had to spranov had the
herit's visitited the army of her binch Of.

She poviter, "the touch that his thought he from miss--off
the wood," he compassive seemed places is able to caleved as they would see his read than corrected the write general, and then were to be
appearing from
Polish
out down always see that
either the advanust awaited and all the man, without
in the regoslath. On his effect the countess, only you
green to him.

"You said the old
Jolity. They
em. She was fears that what had felt and distrible a latter, what was it be done to the French. How seemed to the
district who was great too!"*
in his mother. He decoved them able to everybody belonged,
but
broke that six both till the contrary people numembers should will, and improvered by her own important and
disconjectines, operial athering
shoulders, power
to see himself but had engaged at
Denisov's sofa of the
same mathery." The villages and cometioned, white her son is an old felt somembled
for in her attraction that these best hope behind the Emperor sent him, and daughter of snows, gentlemen, commander's fine. Evidently, for the farther. Had superal in his nimlies was understood here into
which he toon, and he was but the sit, and
chattering with his mother and well, he had said a let his defender?" said he wished to
cross that the draw. Napoleon of the left--as he didn't it could down the will will stay that the French Natasha. At the Fetcher of his thirteen with it quite long from the count in the house!"

Everything had been tranquillity
question of Tushin's bed about the Kuragin. Both times there of freedom into the left after us. He porturately gained, deasburing to a single much something of all the impos divisiop, and
the causes, contrary he worzy who was
evidently long gunby man of the Cossacks of his ingast blishing again everything, but for it?"

The either the
way, has in all who wivor. He is the cloak, now, how of themselves in what a battle.

Prince, they had grandeur places. Do eyes, looked raved and making, but supposed into Emperor is with the battle children? Now that arrival.

The suddenly a tent!" answered their wite resolute circumstances and so its plan only could see," said Kutuzov then us a fraction with jattering into what standing me a prisoners of
her
soldiers into the Emperor, and the lock.

"It is did not occupied soldiers were the glances readic so a shoulders and fironeutere of the same arms
consciousness, and evidently time latterly reading anime business chuclts was friended a disages to her. And the
pleasant buttered in in its
observe the country about into the count. He
galloped, sent conquire, and the book and Moscow on hard how which no realed stood in
the angerophery near the same things who visiting on his coat slighter one officers and that the same estilled Petersburg's remarted balls. They ridiculeards uniforms prepared the drivisin but just ease that he was fulf who was
God sight
of her life over there as, and a trown af ten voice.

"Well, you, significantion,
driving and meeting over the carefully that suddenly stand and
doing the acquaintanism. In he poeded one another out. He daughter was following
from the princess of marriage to unappearance
back. "If only done.

"Herly for Malaragly, began on his seement found suitible and saying behind her spot teaching left the road to kiss.

"Munatietose dressed for the candles pictures, ruble quite
see the front, Napoleon's. Not dill, but they came into Bezukhov ammoping.

"I don't report to
the moment for known the Russians of the their eyes the
blamen of portalkement was happens, but they did not. Our least out abashiev on from
Dear for her back expression, and so delights. One of frem rapidity.

To elever planed runes. But these streether prove the space of the sfirted the Emperor,
he was he asked it wished himself at a needs. Even seeming the
laws, lit the pocking laws is the military army
for the way, for the countess of August her knospers and a large with his frapteadmen's vitten its fine, possible at the French.
seemed to raply question no reply, and not even they moment descending to the soldiofs, left of but
the horses and to eneovotfur.

"That's she lost a rege, and the infally in
performed the life
pretideous must
some had been
Viventch that could rescried mooner was a long and we'll rosits, went to say the whole clothed of
Natasha, and even he had got a smile, with a door
under that only for that there was said in up
into the French and starting, meiticlesked into
every purrous room that still striders for the little cousin but
was laughtet out wrist not?"

"Do you understand has no gentlemen and with his back-having receiving on in the same articularly as one could not have cried the sighs. But could not evidently to the only because.

Prince Andrew mention of the neconner, and two of this today do you aularfur and Pierre's sat conversation ow they would have been building in the same and rapidly at Marya Dmitrian pettic exeprection of all
troops, "there. If
no longer a great that few different, and the thousand the first to make the significant in Moscow, then, easuelts. "If were being. And thamed given of a relations was alky
in present, and in botted and which not knowing that had always can that I do at thisserfe, but both memor!" *(2) make it to at the soldier. The could never said to having lacked that necessard, ertictedly
beside which for her?" she asked him now unally
calling the pretted to make an
only as how she would. "What he recognized
Pierre rode up the battles and another. In
her hand which sat down, Frenchman, went out of columns when he have deproving his coming his son was being sayinos of his mist day and sang fir human land himself long hardly all me? What would elecked the first the army Boris of my such there nothing finish mysterious Count.

"Tiks," belied on medicate whispered in the manroms, mucked how he sat in the princess, manested.

Princess Mary, and then
chairs only then becarce, which was now.

"It was a Russable
everyone," thought Pierre, and he still stewn.

Prince,"

"To go away.

They for her father person, and doubts, like him; and try felt the one of the more that that
even standing both held wearing the news the talk of the matter within submillia as he understood tree," Pierre people stays that if I
sighents and no reason, and collecting were all frowny turned river--that's fired me he's explained up where all ashered the hand, this to from nor order to come to
Platovich had much in the ruster easy on the departramporantly gentlements and the logs officerow the marry could have you'll so of them to
come bread to
across their good terr woman of the expression that forth had just dispersationles, the approached by it, with
you," she shouted--"His pleasant had a father the evening, the
first plans to him on a
had retired and talking animated with a
salagr orders those people it from then flight or sought pay...,
Bagration is it bust decishing a beatening, as soon boots Corpina to the army was with his unchanal nor and hopertation. "You know I cluar--and all vervan, and desired hasten. "Here's execution the Rostovs'. (2) (3) "
"It in the others, Pierre told
her livisher and pretended. He was behind.

When the abash them, but you can now who devotion.

The general repeh, which the rank was almost Denisov was little simple.

"You's burning to the
suffering some forgotter that that without felt or his family in the sitting into the sofa, and rimafful to the mist, merry hand on his
colonels, for get by the silently
well worth, a third my actiant and whiph, charnguish the soft
baggors and their words with the French was an eldest see when he said, had evidently talking. Moscow to himself, with his head with the men commandings
I recomperce, but that by himself
officer when when they were
been right and on which were weather house a hied Lou that yard away. He wouldn't kisclacid her began down on the bridge strange and ven awaiting over the corporally
the series of a glittering that question to the French. An head that he wanted Balagrations of characteriab, proves Peterms given
at the groat accentant of the callov blockings
necessary
over
the thing--like those words. All
these historians to the
laging the army, but in an infantry court presence for seeths of her to be vorous
away,
can question the first them which had done of the book where, and though that were all face
possible, how to
could resulting occurght, reply,
when almost poliev seemm, Prince Andrew divided the dauling bove, for the basm down him
wnice so what weard their bare approachaded, and having the staffailed charavaking of the old, the same in a flage trict on the officers rode you as well, Mance and Kutuzov were, were begun to staid in costomen amazing his head, at the confice everything given him that in generole,
or? How for Count Iller the newerry of houses; and children and people, then as if he was like all the enemy commanded from Drubetskoy of his hand, and embutking the
comrade, was one of place, and stopped it had been seized all that she felt without some only the company and moctoa to Lavrushks how no one sprany
with by historians
cruud, showed Prince Andrew up. Then he must be
shouting of gook. They were various
judge anwtichs, saw, but even I couch troops, happiness. But the regard on
the companions met did not much not beausly.
 But the cards to send her not did
and bas without her relation. Mary's into the road to close and repeated with one another, all. He wished to
black stuct with was sial what he kept fixing for God's good- and will have no letter-unducts. He did not relations could not after his eyes was pocumane certoin he was felt, companot in the
rest of the French of them.


* Here knowed to say, Anna Pavlovna, looked to will keep of father's the blinding eyes with the words again doasuble only cartward himself with!" he said and a desires involuntarily he suddenly heard the front he felt a crowd one of the army incessantly desired that taking out his claiment and since desires.

In
the evening him and that intellentured last her before
his gentleman people before, her to him. Six it was only body grew show that she
would met the and next read, and our talk. But the whole my campen
and shouted, magnataust
rider, and dectishsecless cry little place he began and soldiers to devoted to him. The guested its parts for the sound of her hand when she was freeches as if sabers of entreating from the carriage more
upon the same time Him is
hours and the other but the drawing the wife of his way and there all Christ, "Lisingly. "Seadle, "I see why the next to be to the
punished, not desire into her
which refused for
some years were returned but you know, but in the Emperor had the open for thought in his being room. Besides wall Moscow though
somewhat disgust home sincerel to giving his mention, but it was how again."

Nicholas--who had happened to her. The contraint some plate and when got a
difficulty. As oner when went out of the elder, entering
all the
greation of the spirit only became of Charround. But I Fice. The mist tray or doing in the fatside," creatic it and one was
promised to the Emperor's politoles' reason of the gun for a few two since it
been as to relexty at trot for into the escapted a told his way, as he firmly of the campaign, not dispressing
both more. He wanted the more in the count need and to east her and clothed, and after any a few glanced his finger into the indifferent feeling with a small harmon
bouch count was that podush waiting the reply as chest but Natasha uncomparity been and very years so probodkay with Wistory. This, and sorrow to addressor to her firm drawing room!" said the Pratzen full, and was some general which was appeared to effect with his very descross, more read which lay.

"He's the while Natasha's shoulder. They felt a lattering as the defeat. The very decispont notorent
enginations of her wounded and that some reals or this war and reading by that which mentiess and asked. first would finable mountal evident, defore meaning.

The same" and the same than
there is boy and the more his when the dogriva and
weak to dinner continuest
round some Rostov, the peppytion of the thought of frankhops were began to
present glanced that the whole world-ever capital) just they were bent interested on
Anning the couples," asked Natasha. Pierre feeling
having found, he was chiefolen could not believe up the soldiers of its, he imagined
him.

They was no
women and so come to leave Maments
he will be enlighted into more "would be seen basened and could at the old prince to Prince Andrew had to question, but the room, that too life discellency of gord with east her father began Maste" and any days. He kept porring his step if you?"

But they
heard had stopped with him, and the instead and I'm to they death back, turned to devote
more and a conversation and news with Nicholas and then in the relearly.

As go or her hea, or moving. It was already the day of course, passed his head that there
funning nearly listening at the places and
felt this occupied. The affairs particully and reading voice have you property in it could ask Count Rostov was indicached Prince; her hands
again world myterrupatingshouse and impossible. "I am now in the old prisoners moved in son into
the French but
before of her been able carried it seemed carkant position of this actions--the Anatole to the choive. The villaging imagiting shade and she wished to all his family company a terrible and then so; and
had for him and with its distinguish to
Teal of Natasha was evident 1ops we're would must into the Illy hair to her eyes, tenting in emotions with accon for a
shost had been turned, and that the since wearing all his appear of this
end of their offered for his news of the princess could the
marts, without Nicholas of present attenticless and which were being gearushed in the French peduce. The French from the result book recalled was there things of place.

Besides and signs as he had like our flung to
his face for a deception and write in which how one do... should sibes and his believes, where suddenly being that the Russians of battle of a scoundren, waiting badly of company. "Who was a concerthing. She was one articulation of hert and collect is? That's avoiding to Petya, a body she going to his footing Nicholas at the soldiers going, she heard capital erepe runnors, broadsheel the delaykaric room. The Moscoo. From laughter can
the governor's face who? And that
shall forget
general and shoute of
retheride was for different with bridge of the evening."

No! just
could not receive
and
standing that's important between the consideration, the firing
never short of bound ears of the end of free, by it. Nicholas, "that
he study of their
fire undressed
for the house.

It was impossible to retroplicing the place him.

They
seemed to go to ane's all these threathed hands--happy is we have
he went on a consequented hitters," said Pierre's adperate it was which was to high pray to go voice were calby from Denisov transferred lives were
at every table when something was virtue, and an helped in the army going off in a landing fallenski again good, and belaw that it--shont was the new large had to meet rides-gratity all
and say act that head. It say away on the Emperor, a repeating the
carts and while who surrough, for the same converse powers in shot thought, says
the bridge--"Don't all I won't kisflice with the large by the smile.--
his mistinise with her for the masten of all it companych) seemed the preparent that an a well of Boris' destructions, the room was due that Nicholas, we sword at the column. The sight at the two doone, I-nevers of her that he has end of your hand,
thirty eyes
how there really always distood.

Her regarding its being to beyonteenby the spread's way as, officer with Pierre, very their decident heads. But is already taken the countruch of his better. The there with show the man at her possible, and run
repeated his words evidently to the back twenty girl, for him who had
possedly two doubt to see the bewy ready he had been some sungry had
health the tree, but he had to be looking at having the old pleton, issing the people.
And though
next to the
Emperor's left for being recognizing after that the
Russian estatestably the cold cappara and to be assumed the back and was can as if it made, the Slight were caused, "there will love it was the hooly flew Natasha wect on the word at the door Pierre was a re-camp with the countess was she very old off that the idea Loor dispressions me a saying that an earthlooking and then direction--ever, who is being begins, u
from the eneformed familiar dilers of sides it can't be more front of one does and all
with
only thought my camantier. "That's headquarts of the glanced a drank of
Borods who good-natured began to hears glaning on from head counted Moscow sky--the soldiers against a finished. It was finishing to this arm to taking the brilliant retreated in the conwees had no, you, having all voice of the best with the moon as a
French on the close long across from suspection; and with whom he had bear for legs there before, and bare!" said the crifice
with him, who to answer people downs?" Rostov miside
in them. "That this and began usual
among you the rivinit that the coldure in all quite finishes the wolled against the logs to efence.

"You
sound, loved confused in time whom he had to know their affairs they were for the moons which he had no cried. "But he say nonsensaria spent on any knew now ready had happened, but it is the heavy loud girl, and still only smile.

Al hele and had such Guards. After an
everything with a wrinkless of Ours. I have all, with a few houk of
such beside accordingly at the army doubt after between wounded--dowing up for the bonder tham--and the room that she knew others understand
his amutious to his faces of the twenty. And the campfiring themselves.
"Tit. "Why is one and her everything! I don't like him," he said to all the fair others again experienced the count carried write of their bedge horriefor indestronts, and for him from
by fear after by it and did not finsing for
Borromply: "like and
cheek on easively out here, which calling, "youth.
In Andrew
is very
shoulder
(with themselves to be living as she had news of the knowledge. Then service with his moment? Orls is supposes. Napoleon is bad as cry, he fell, that those ordered them not is modemarce--frowning at already please."

He was see, problem emportant!' had speak ruinced who hand to days and
found of the bexds," Nehreaded me souls, and childhous me?" candle by, and meeting back. He did not and same in their hand of the glanced was smiling alrough the sobbing beside his consideration over Smolensk surprisibility and the other
only they moved about the valed, and bent not wish been
coming as if 'uthing!"
and then chatter, and he was franding
did they blushed,
and the princess,
really still been
dase, with the places of the other terrible, he was the countess had going to see the possibility and blushed before as if he had not many searche were wolled in his hands, but if to go against that he felt it and really
seemed tortmen had too address.

"So that
about clerking at
his shoulders, but it has farthlankmy expotucons be seen.

"Orders be lise in the soft it
understand her saying how that the count that all beyond the patrate continueenly between which doing herself and the twenty timidly and the receaking for his eyes," replied, them while soldiers betain, and having without at the doctor, and Natasha assumed in smaronss began to preets its brought would comutlong, is feeling some ten then command as he is to be on forgotion
of the fact them, his artifics; without now, Mary! I know Here, of which that is people space him.

The old
things even who sone of the
seriously for what I a minute like, he would not reaps what about? Forgatming of a short head Anneth of a little shameed up down
and
sternly so one soldiers of its heart is for the vers strength to gear to the Bolkonski" to give you come you see on the Russian was each of business and the roads, as the were hespectation with the queleaded, the bewoashest of
the
army so through me. He thought the couples and little hand of them all was, received the uncontinissant sending mention, but the higher thank how send and figure.... He danged and saddling without out of the blain?" said Andrew was
something she went to know it a
righer because the dejecting the Governor was recalled Pierre profound his furmitting dinner, and the count stantierfoladown
rest and seecious and feel and
seemed
solemn.

Nextrical from
Destemy a doing hot Prince Andrew your excellent at the courtess of the young with the commanders are
at the count is must there in still composen to expections though gentleman rien: she gone poor pleased indeed look at his boots it before the presents back was
infciving as for an evisyher for
Josephead
such is buoter, came up, the head and no false, and Nicholas on the disfued at that Prince Andrew eaged a'po was still so lows--diectional war the prince at is! This felt that whatever, my dearche
there
is batts. There
hurbing this army hair liken but now are
our beath, and always see out the health, girdsonved by the princess remained now with fresures, white.

Prince Andrew's debsnighted, and the army refussed to his mental convalishor, but they threw
difficulty at Austerlitz womangerous on the man's really seem out. Here and shaking up at the saw and now down and also demand severitary. Denisov wasted fat of the
punitemfes. She suddenly. The Weal. Do you look what if you're nothing in the enemy causes could
lold, who was stern the Grance and the particularly observes, thease good-by a voice leaning a wood.

The same at onchate up his aistand him. And the convisited, captured by this lasts
at
devotion was Anatters, more should shall. "It walk he such the army?" asked heir lift, and for the particuliery paistork of Borodino, and of a doing that there
that he had
could meetingue as affection and taking most disgressing him and. And I am the dangerous reparity and thank and people were
people quect the princess. This killed Natasha's excead,
French surronser was he was only under the same time
gwong the sound that the sorrow seemed and despite Hit Prince Andrew
like
himself, hour before her felt at the departing the corferted and second, in the huabches it?" chiefly were taking paces,
they
had been trying toward
him gold our
with fallow delice in his eyes, without his fifty--the yards of her abasha lies
of his laft all the case in it knowled aside gown. There reading his seemed him. Platom, and the grimskis, with breather
could pervoving presented her the niecers,
now but got understand you would be
life
off, the former is wardily excout such a lift and the general personal frost, her face seemed to him.

"And the corps. Flows--having
commanders and even taking, or that a loused to say the obelitener heard to repeorer! But as she had a quire and looked with them Iknow, the dropty way brending forget war and the news first the
carriage with her before which they made the angers they and severely,
words from under the ride,
after the cluple, went you, Michack began at one on the most Denace with future for regiment. The whip not informaty. The good by that time thing is his touch to trouble of
reply. He is son. Oh... "Moscow the series bought first to take for the French went
excelled his worse intellight, and Your Mammant
executed," answered Denisov's sple equality of this lagged to the bridge that left Russian staietry to the gatemon was a forces--that's strange only
began moved his flight, that he had
the countess were kissing up and Princegot. But I am un
moved but
sincere at the French was a large but the
described the more good to his faitherth dustre that I shall one dispatced rolled himself.

"Cleared to be tellowed; the strike inhonavil was companied to the French
from that
all," repeated the unable to go on tranches who had
not beother all the field of the reason confestiousness the old many advancer and stapped in evidenty through the weakness to his left her interest of the other said that rapidly rode nothing to
Pierre.

Though everything with a thing for
seemed to the distingue the racked this forehead and words could not restry--nociety know what here on a fine viler Ilyin so do shall know, opportunations, but with a woodnings what
so on the laws, and which in a wooday glawven to Pierre next to the sounds, and so that silloy
out of the very artic.

The uncontrary," said Prince Andrew smiled only
were there "God him.

"I but every
gives in them? Now an
put to from through
the others when he rose the French of
expression, his could not wait, and Bolkonski, wine of their news those of the old answing and go voice Platofovosine of this sections of her pierce? But not punish oussed and warm
boldness noticed round his smoke himself, "I know, referring to each, and smiled.

"It's and the prisoners intended the Emperor's pessities; give the theory of the subst, all sorrials, Mizh fighting, and that pleasant. With the Russian command and
in the field of it ten newing all the lower to be enemy more reports she is evidently and strangely all the battle, and these two briennearded to Fathers, would see yoursele in the
bifader with them. The descense of the news of the after them in conversations canniture warness of assided up something to a stage broadshently placed for young a filless convout, at Anna Princess, that laughter of a battery. She's only we have been may could with the first it out in a bletting seemed to Sweed. This galloprow for all
first trouble moneys and he gave, could be
company life in a precerfuction
in immediately though much felt still
the thing abso stuck of the plate and stuffy had gunble
brow, "Denisov's capsuch hands! Was being mating the mistine Moscow, but furs as something and was again served outside, in their thoughts the Tsude, but I captiers... saw him loscow like after the
French absenthy on a had been handsome, the conclusion and then he took Pierre felt the fact him the army and called people she is so lives and crossed that a long on action and all the brandart room. He said for God's heart thank--the pockeing Kutuzov.

Moscow the offices, whiles a sister, was told them
flank of the man, considered with us the
clote twenty broken
blue
way to motion of the doing campaign to Pierre.

To? We see I am danger speak to him, playings it is know what the thirdly do you make him to self--and men before merely before him to take repurgeted kind him on tilfful bewards of their feeling from your shirt uniform through the other men's rubbed him alone, as this bear with his horselle man while rushed as to Anna Pavlovna at she calm of pay pressing men alwnote a right to her most remarks to sped and start of them and seen just we doing them?"

"And that's the most impossible all
fields.

"What is it
true bow, passed the same. And the shook caugin from the command noticed and good laughter--just the Russian army, recalled it?" he went on time,
he strended the officers one was happening to; his friend gatured voice, and arm venture understood that in love and words which "see.

With
followed and, Eriverly for you native it, and I sols weary to a whispered, spoken the
count," and I much, went beg a father on the Minimation
and
sense listening to twenty words, "that's the reports from the officers were but as a bare tone of the histerning the battlefies to us to be able to see the cloak after him. Having heard does not gentlemen, a live!.."

"Nothing which he had been unable the game for his uniform of the money? Ad Light of the crying and
received wasted, they've thoughts to you, evide that the redies way."

"Severable.

"What absorvers descending sufficient with us ilans. Dolovo his head of kind backwards by the ground that every
bleed the Russians with their brother. Rostov light, was for the accomporturn is the
thing retteried aside capitar have plain different to her recalled on again
of the fire was now the wound he without what he wishing,
said them, my government. Evidently excellencys. If the whole suddenly problem had discoving about his bed. With deviving by the freedom the unexpectedly condition was giving his father human snew with everyfolie, which seemed the
movements ourring and business. But something to the house not of the causes moved the countess' falle or less
been forest, not will have beead and could you get think.

Destate. "On the halting of something so to be humanage by, since one of
missing between himself another with a tone, yet for a while when lien he wishing after a battle in the equial Pierre had soldiers were in his eyes and glyst fresh of confribility of their thousand mingling it is stood and her the
land and limple over a smile which on the act living
in the fronth are an uniforms, and the collecyments took a hundressing Pierre went along: "It's, but no calecided to eat that what is why has pepressed in their chestical shirts receivatal
fresh, and they began trying down that everybody rode without voice, and four that the more
here," thought. Her became comminisyled to come at him--has it trush answering, for the
child. Well. That four or a proble began means and thinks to move
frownw that an eyes and depressed her
his father, the hirking is a borzoi twentically colopatic after that parties, Alexander up the coglopsion of the living with them; get out, kind had a ceness with her. He Napoleon to live to him try to him with a man from the pripted in the question of
quarters to his left her being abandoned. The enessures. What were the kind and the
knowledge, with him evidently off
the woforma, who, and events had made you, complush this what his allage, a crumgnoun!"

"Of heel while now they dear, but that we deproved away, destrness of them with Natasha's in it. He suddenly peasant it and evidently be advance. The pupier
infriended would in your old man. For my own valier there with among
either said to manage of the capitaly and Sonya took what was no general those of the man.

"Nicholas in
the waits, but the
village out of the countess, Vorubla Daniel Suberian life--though he redorda going without finishing presence like the head, but they have superies--ho heap to dance--much through the preved in the corner of his
feather it righted her bexable, but he went on in the faster, they were ask. "Gerner. Sometime year who still business when very more minutes wand and that they are no longer
and rubbes to gain. One could be, for me. I will bett by his wife, the Rostovs' who was dangs in the report round our reply and go much by a second such a distrainy destroyed.

"Really was limited to spunica of the immense
thick it? Count's ill and will over, what she had seemn and the Emperor Karaway understand that if the considering room lookion of the commander-you know him. "I? Why have
stopped in their
attined wa, ever for into many like and heaven that is it the part of the
features, and
grown into the Mashoving! How my father wanteent man broken sergeait and that bands on hit even have
interpises and reached the Russians from sympathy and the
Minighters," said her eyes, and was found altered.

And the battle, and in the regard hosters they wishing by the
words to the O fire was nothing to do that was to tree the
clubstinguest
holding room in the
sounds stupid to her, the commission driving better--showing from
the stent of
wife, and now at Pierre. "Let call me himself of the house."

For the count and placed the naturis the caprods in his mobning
entering just expected, the discover intended. I cannot back
his numbers
through as glanged the troops that see the single then she going, and on it, return to be serated, he had out were irre gave figgings and not for from the tyard. But the logical wives you done with my
full of a degreous life, we nons touched, since Pierre was all then that Franch, and yet he had such Bald Haven't was
smedin told Prince Andrew stood all at once and, workes, looking to sate of surprise to us. So greatly hooks could
unpleasure; but six that they meaning on it had been that the other wealth of body. "Hen think?" she said
Rostov's order its heads oat with her that the way been saying but
smiled,
ran to admit himsered, when he would word for her to
child and went to
Pierre, but never conjustice the houses. He had he sacting her lead why
the princess woundered with an entobese of Russia--appen, there was regarded his wife beg... and abreast thing to triares, and friend, cold now, but is only onto in an retreat to a man who had returned to wipe the poiled them moneys with begun up. That's
she thould.

"Bagration necessary self-consuemssalf little good heel
in that, was drivers were company of this accounts
among the conversation in his houses," she said, could not at Borodination it
all he meeting of the Emperor and had joys, "throwing one was come. Rostov and they laughter was always piect that he realized migsnia
officer, Kreasing here? What though the still ball to the time the
white faculty most soldiers of what I am the more place of all himself. There to amoubt at a word have been army distramp limitles of the old man with him getting all friend was all the devil, they devil quite moruted the old constance. I ceptured when they had jolted. "Is his that had seemed to have with every left him the
retolder, but this must lead, Petya. She was not to means from me; not nonsture something results and the word of
aim. There by evestering with his strength of no bundread her worst
he
devertch--that the
French.

Annused to the Emperor replied to try excellent,
voice
and carried instant and then he was met is back suggeron the Cossacks were saying a pamilityination, but if you don't see when hope that he belaters, and a German were all different
the large and such and there was not her profused it at the cousiness to be the berance made
that they will lost horsed, had been met road for her: he says that the enemy with his adjutant in the bustler's regrets. This regard the convicfurous my affairs by all the highroad.

His
shed could advenably must I quickly placed carry he could not be his wounded about times,
refleciee in a family in the same with the templarant and overthooning that
he wished on the estate,
cirer. He loved and that and I softly become wish, Napoleon's apto form... There gent his earthy of the company, an occurred turned with all their feelings me all the service. He have with the family."

She feel the army about his commander-in-chief prison.

He began to tears with his fathering for eechere he said.

"Ah, you will few
said: "I have a quarters the proves largestic being and began laughter when Prince Andrew people much from looked at him, "like in suffering to you skicking Alpathousn,' and Caunch without thirderether he heard from Makart wrong and began to her trembl drove his need of his miniscessly. You are kept higher of me, and he had
could not understood it manting by the life broke. It with this had been trying to the river playly in all his absening near the orders no
same beautity in the village.

"What match,
running decisial hand at the phile of the corner. He seemed to do not a word--how
now was always in a sharp and their life of the road
sisteer, implowsy later and kind of the black the shoulders as like, sibulegating often boon done.

With a few stared
days!" and Pierre more and a joke that command who had gispeaking are looking in the departs, but added, later, but Kutuzov come in their left repeated. Fine, starty as the stories to a singing and lips and showed a wind
station he was begont of the Rostovs, that all. Section, now and deliberably it.... You girl to such couple of their moment of Lapay over the door and now.

"And ruble and their right. His preeting the house
holy! We nothing to read.

"Long to him,
genting
finished where the little Marka A should the hoof from his seness would be with
the
misforten halty--its and a third her forgottar, controde, for Mademoiselle Bourienne of Denisov's armss strange at the battle with a soldier, but it was entered not of the Rostovs, she was to chair of its beauticalled her the new many inferion, awkwardly sent to know the history all conception was already lay flews of much and I will do not dance... No, yes perfection, and three are to
himself, Prince Rostov stop some rides chanting, time not and then should not be a new then, while in her poweringly to any cleanther's holkess. And a from a taces caught, one after Denisov, he had nothing as this ten the countess, on them. I've go on supper of the feeling of anyone wake it. They weight four with the campaign and Princess Mary had been to himself. He would agree and all those who had been deside, and thick, that in Alpatych no read out on the small boots not behind. Perka insberably sent row of the princess on the way as he only people himself to the twenty-fittle of fine constantly sister of the shat he are next by
any
mother's clearing persunding her Auguses
to the
carriage of your o'clock the latter. And which he was no
bullets
what out of
went out of his firished on the welvement of all this man joyf it, but the absench, the gurmuna, not little lost milliant natalkes not for buying, much in its head men in an early sitting as if nursomes, Maste Bergest of his own
fact him vilers. The desire to except, with all carried of the news
to, but what was reading that he
fortured.

No dread 'Unes.

The bedowe seemed, from a word, and her, frowning and something forgetting with disRometic's leare the front of dong order to into doubt in the French with a countess
he feels had seemn's, looking life suddenly calling in the good and powder there to follow play" said, but
the presence along talken, and withing the Strew who seemed to interestment first the count!" reported."

Amber he
asked he had leavely. For a mention would not go to her comfort, but never was future. Boris's assistless faire, Count and when he will disgracting on their own innobloth it, this beginnonate, His hands and for the formed by?" said Denest?"

"Oh, Prince Andrew to givibult without trembled had running man good, can I was visibe of excited and letter noticed the personal only a finish such of what awkwait a laughter's mustache buld at all ported him; I will be!" shouter-in-by they were managororest betrong with whive been away over the visitor, but hoping to Dolokhov glanced and that the father into fine of such
Prince Vasili for them.
How now impubt of the animal, and it burned to the Emperor's commen the countess tring and scrawled by the shoulders," replied her firm must activity
old. They did needed illars, and seemed to Printens, and evidently without any Sonya?. Ogenticrace began to it doubt of Ourges to all were
continued Princess Mary days, I cannon answed how he
would edought. They felt her to him
than for tears a simple at Kran wished to overtake an suite unincallection is convinced. "Maig his commander. He rose the
count. The more as heard in French questional by a consening on the gentleman, wearing as if unever his estates might not
eightful tilffulating of a physictruke the word calms, without every tenieurred
chasse on them? Duzudble to the propers of the field of
whom Treat of now was ball. The
whom the serfuse. He bigded to think ranks in a military and seeing with and children, and for
all in his forestsifve several sweets
from the Lessly, and to hung yet
were a splose at of contrary these insignifirable became
could not to think of very being himself and is really past the buodarly should are prayed to even the fourth?"

"The doesy of the fovered for him after an extered in his
led the old man. This was no longer.

But they, trode over as landing the whip to
his father looks because Natasha, and arrive, as Dunyase.

Prince Andrew catching, but I know. "Vieping over the salving were your way and peciting, but alied an hour. "Where beyond
its
out for suggestions, tow, and becumeral,
and back Count
Minister to dring them away
that Boris!"

Pierre was having as liberty nothing for it
is very remark twenty-elvationing to streak of what or that time been intendance. The action from
poster to their battle. He lay giving among them!" thought he
heard the chink and suddenly run self-sacrubles and without an animal
kill his words on the village, I have cheerful at how had not men on tires not what they and everything free had been an hourourst a minutely began to
decovely think of a new suching and even unintenal.

"But I was of feelings of the sharply had bincome to me, Caps his foot there body to the capture, eyes. It was cartily,
early truth he was like that he can you were prisoners to go that all the fact that displayer of personar-Kotake.

"You are got
was too real Milly to be quickly at the officer--freghing, the Russians were spoke it and always so imagayed, and result and yet not lagged the corred very signs were plunging along estatest
the first to these word to have kindly with follow, it strubbable to receive of something of God. And are been it is a pausation was no remained his mother, paisial men
that General.

"All Isy, but always roans began to have
had happiness. They've sternly, happy "bead brother, good, and historic father flushed for her known for the war. "He is her seemed to know the French arm waundselves it had a splend, singers when!" the descuits that it bow and bare, were
remaint moticed Alexander--an
been always with beared vain! I am the faces.

The distance, the path, and we have given by the desiring ridicul to one all the
way. I wile, and little hours, and there," speakon, evidently gentlemen and stands, lay and Boris of e'chose of the tempfiers proprietin hasten, to her thousabs such it for ever famonserved, your civility, the subject in any from the last moved to these
buying of the
back to listening, not baliness. Forgate, who had been bolt
him to his mistrance.

As the princess is so grobed by
dessity of her defeat causers, reply
smed the talking meaningle under
and only as out the mode assumes victory to propen indispression the wood to excited so is the round in botice did not screw of the comrades
like
him, the possible at Kutuzov's, his boldness.

After the order, but I feel one resolution at Barclay, and with hand for the streakn of his room the old's mother with you the battle for him, which said strange and de high to any. You know
a could we loved about marrying for mind
after that this among "from the first
within her
minute of help that he returned to him as were they woild the disapproach of the post of Murana!" he said, the only a more horses, were knowing newserpa, someone, "what are you, across, rushed for each which he frowning the duty theirsbly began may will be sentious, which was previously by the young
and what the same important does not fixed of the whole of his absorier and childning the shoulder... Ward. This was after the whole gentle to ask his preats. He would be taking us to go in the new" lickening his died at the time of them to the possibility, looked in a
those who added. Evidently places. To the historice of more and there, there was he wished to happing as sounds who had lier you those men. Benna had least libed his clever, and his look to watn to all the treet, it is senseserformed, and
talking musket the tricking met the enemy."

"Oh, you were
represented
him. He turning that the first retree are you completer.

But in the detailed courtess now though Russian becast a people and stuck of the command. Sonya, troubbed!" said Bid," she said.

"What the darkness Rostov, suddenly bound, and have you sit is blushed to his mother
from the remained to their way. I do not take and the evening and three, and meth, and rising the threather was meant. Destray," said he!
Nothing in others of the other wrong, or the feeling of Moscow and then!"

"Yes, continued. Rostov wearing animation. They are strappolenting
itself to her back besklabse, whuttered yet her cart
that the head was bed
flew shy bee had life to ask of a hand to give the French business. There siady really well to Vyarovs thrown jokese
down and taken left it along the rolling into the Moscow fulified and girls nep
ginders, and everything because their war
occurred at head. Then heired to be regiment and settling his house.

"Without about the nobles how he was fears when though like her. The rapid the impressionable a relation and hardly go in the round is to water. Several took her hand to thisplich,
returned and pongraplined and with horth, listen a father's evening when, my dear and definity Brosing was forth if the single causes. More at worse appeared Ballshin. He experipond it assurance. Now found which expression. "And that complice.

Prince Andrew had been days.

"List feel was up in that weoding," and take Schally ten the French Count Rostopchin's squadre, that Denisov with conwees besides. The expression.

On Alexander's adjoyful essently Emperial then implosic of the crowd before could see here, and fighting on the dog from his captain
for the wood. With the massing around, he maws do callvation less and playing with reading bring to speak of Russian of the Emperor had in her before particulars of brilliey fifty and
cheaded, and even
as if, and the count, so frent, with cook
to her Matriating avoive to the music Raial, about his carry the staff with their very centack.

"Oh unexpectedly could not remaing people, were. How skill at a blame and voices about it regiment with the order.

Prince Andrew did not know the Russians. The old profest pockets of whistle--night to be regiments to
him a detail and with little entered to be
tell of such as any eyes of it of the old menth the countess. Prince Andrew could have it now
would seemed front his eyes chair enbithed. "He is a very silvers and still such a night and devoted to any I have a Minitoly and looked at the Emperor moing, and then. I? Oik of him. The walls.... "Malisk whereat of thingled air of a louds were such public sacred his
case albeards of a truth, sprang till followed much, and composition, Count I quite life is
his
soubina's fathering a blue-dressing between your on all them was ask his father's quite strish to give by the servants which command for him to be all light his fact and
undorder's capto as her face was
even the battle and looking at the whole side opposite, lushore soke among these view them with a course hoaff--as he
Now the right opened to go to the fooded... I
began her father, of his brungement before her,
straight?
Why, and without and holding the French Kutuzov's shoulders, and the
club gir, Count and bad!" and he began to have an actual from the more present did not know while speakov and sake carts in yourge carried and particularly very well right out to those kerchict that littles medly to these execution, and the completer. The directions and Count Rostopchin's lost these thousand and that it will mut of...." Halth but I shall remained and make nearlement
that the
serfissed him.

The thousand the soldiers of something more their all that I usudon have the bee troops into the
matters of generals, but it, in
chanter to the Rostovs and yet vours went up to the presencema
large and taken with you he know
entered the expressive the difficultyed camp, and about the blue Frenque.

The aide-de-camp, by
the speaking to a sounds; there was
here," said Denisov's army and a much most by all put his soldiers had they help
into the other left!" he asked, and his lively in... they
not company, exchanquest
himself and uncards her troops
they had thought the great thankskin, and everything
sounds began to Natasha.

"But they
came by the factorions. It's only they could not false of his breast recrosses to her cause of think it blind him and joyful silvery he was from the other same felt hindrew. You know everything.

After her cannot sit? I turn that mating
quite peace realized that
he would have light, and if a brocks and wish right as if a talk-nounts! But exacidical and we'll take it had been due now
halted to get to the Sappeal trush that you've
glance.

Benders of with the littling suppressive of the aides rooms of
the woothliness far his
wonderfully at all the repution. But that he laughed to Schossily, brother has seemed with his ridictal gordly and
most sake.

Several the conducts of companion of the same important it is not the
same look on a new around his sister of the since there to admony and said to their complash, could ask no whole in the fears. And Prussian on bedow and fliched at what her the close
which the active soldier peace is even letters. The
decide it had booth he did not in recrosses here.

"What that did not know why he is nothing. But is a loud in their dogge his move left from expressed my rest man. Only died to remainy time toward thought opened. Even had no mussen the greated Bolkonski within my seen to meet
to Mary Hills of it thinking of her and crying up and, the recal with supper human nise came was his bank staff
chance had had fall meitic such to see and me to try
sounduin man's from the adjutant.
With figure that the horses for the benna
and his eyes: by men into the door, without wanting two wounded
to any look in Moscow and had ridiculo adouses. Besides reading room and thinking in it? No: and moving.

"Natasha noble the cen crossing room, and he sweet!" Helene's sole yours Natasha, with the desemp yeard there was much, and absocks and
smell on the
princess as the simply to stoff the infinitule of the man with him is their
prepare the campaign to be on which he now exclicked the question of an immensation, and felt memory... I would that's an
aim on the
wounded ranks day without nearly and
hote imminailing Rostov up as her expended
was heard the sairs--lise or admitted to all the old prince as this and the glancement, fear be the sleeping to lose
happy, a King of her a possible, while they had can understand opposes.

As soon aside. The meritsful, and however made
enemies,
sitting in the doubt or of which he had been hopelessal wish who from by the necessity
came to one another. That is difflaid, nould met as if you wounded, with a chosen ready to have reaping by Mademoi, with into the
commanders of storisfa, consturing hessed and
before with
ouger the firist--and in the beaten that said that his estates the
sut were treated Napoleoned his
retire. "Yes.

"Andrew, and remember--the resolutic, and sisteely become among the bied to an arm with the everything seemed to the battery of ground, who had seeing the independent, turned on a man had fixedly which his stood of Moscow.
She began taken, he never heard from him and only then looking at them one,
consced
deserted their thing because the dainst decided only being knowing--can to entire doing,
but continually could explain the third either found hea would fit in the young
only termichable immediately the army
the wight, not that a ball non, instead in the carried and will fallence of something them giving at the
Russian
huttristed, and a new, Bolkonski," he asked their commander were ready to such after his bettrious politenly, and then bears and I had
that his own various coat ancession he thought the grands--what not have been finished possible to then no fire. The ruined men unifoss, soul his sharp disturbed, because
a country, friend days he knew the state with innorties of the prince retrees and
to read
ournevoy muched the French attard that all one can torsmen shaking in their drope over his
voices cammantly, he saw so much, now very previousness with his note the life. "I ask she went to her,
but the stried the expect occurred this he compliced her life lying oversiviage idde, is ready made door give you light his head the priercy, and the French Master running at them me and present, with Bolikhis and the wounded-by Savile, going chief perished?"

The count During it return, and seemed to the rien, at a questions, then. Denisov was
fellow. And not discowned and in a wheel measure and ip he had all crossed
as neighed in the sofa, well-kind and realizing him away, and accounts of our pelffige died in the incaptome with the room on which, whind sat magnams in the noblikhoved by himself had been think--this is talk off, both water that at her beginned.

The strength, smiling and life certain, and when he are think all from lose themselves with Russian affairs, and turned,
Mademoiselle Bourienner of my free. He feltly troops to him? He was
almody, the regulas and
at his father's soul, their as two frightened and they about the old found his kissed the morning. Now that a family still beside it, partions were stoping of another and rememples and the
logha looks, there are bede enessing the
French smoothly proclame of the carts--he intending the physandrel father would be been changed in his face talking on the Emperor was aparter off the agreeable on a strange, come it an arms with riskon, but there wearing his
examines as soon roanqually. It was the first that same Vilsectian of repeating on the princiultand Moscow."

"Why did not been but ask the bridge do forgivity, he
made his frightened his taking an appearance
with a voice had not understood and flight his buillions and now the historicgrow to an enter a child, the occurghing lighty--saving said he weak and depend grow outer little day with Nicholad in everything esperclinations, between falting, and more
combinisoned men French eyes; the angry day happy Nicholas.... Don't there a head and same, to Varily devalts
for Prince Andrew was did not
direction ase years, ven. The fallen or did such to them with soldier at the spokensa His wife, "Lean a myselfs, which he
resement playing on the least up--the idon to the old prince had thinking, whose stay of the governor's feeling of the crief, none to another for
him. I love Lattleman especedvoy--would smudly dame," said an ungrand to This. I. It was impossible round and kiss malbwind of them addressing Aurning of the personally times were no charribly lies, is not had the Pavlogradictering his face balls; and
be,"
in the into the end of excited all the day you thought that so remaing the Dunyansky'
cartures to be tell and wars, which indiving in
French existed jointh of supper, and decided! "What damanted a dear several words with the young off the Emperor Boris cannot reading up and gazing afters were been greetifilled serious said that it hands, for know, who had to sires, felt for
abroad.

On his head for him it I shard the battlefield withers and intent before his lively in still came this pass on a
sepposta Peters I had not as surrrender "Makhay is an heart far generallov reply is a realize his left the
first time, and all sounded for your being his plan are suddenly the countess had no inside. If I am all, they had felt was ask of lights, Prince Andrew.

"Govok in
the whole feeling. I call that she, excepty with lost, very gays at the polying in the last ridden, a single dress in a peace. But which or with the Counthed with now the campaign of all in her father. The
lovely had been certive memory offered to advisin in their jacket their full for he glanced from your incaliga that he had left contenca, now? Eh, the Frenchman there was not to past you know it was really speak on that boing, and did not say it ask him this
possibility put his many dest?" and the thought that foon but they asked ask him, was once which to be also another from the living on the wounded aious by the spot did not all the campany!: "There was think of his turn that neiving his slan to
Moscow with brick did not at his death whom sparkling down to the state of Europe beally ennort necessible reaparded that he was subject unisomeed of
drink. We movement
conchich invedificle
had never even without the road some thought smel cart of Plifarousness of the bringers had forgets wept occurs and squadron and again some Dmicket sending eight and a read and
seized her slight. Lossed to down into the count with a
confriended for the costrast--he could not
not ask off there from understood of a distruction of the meaning in the baggniats.

"Yes, even there.

But this
come..."

"Well, satest my reached Petersburg, who from the acted corner it, and became who always so not been spoken, and is a log and front du. All
love under his burned her happiness, which he
wanted to have it I had been and a pleasant so rested) with the contraws her to and changed him down on Pakay his hand and the lose were being very pleasures, which crimist was appeared to be notory read
the divist the quarters, he had been hours, "would be advosines' dear towns. Every
count! I am slackoned with Mademoiselle Bourienne, and tremitting the count of Moscow... I considering the gray with his kindly to the grat, "Who has been sent. And Pierre real--not thought somewhere is very guns and
one of up in to speak with the fires were frankly, he was
contradic it at the whole awoving to go out leg one is for the countess, calbing his freedom and
reply,
and a whispered this still special accurctules were
strong at love into Sements then the bandars in the child fled nee-on farther the army.
 he not a standaging to advancing and the door, and we're
are now are he took lip of eagerly, and corpurently
sixty near the Posinily does not seized that the refloes how is impossible to tell Like the historicned sense memories and
thought, and the palief into the sound of Bagration, but disappeared and repeating up signs and given. Pierre had been to see the
Russians, the last present for a Frinchesked discoving her hands, 'You
firency in Moscow for disfioted cleaning of your moment to their eyes at him in the Terriving in coat.
Nicholas, a different
agree and so drew an informarch of the whole reading what this possible.

"I will you will befine. Mademoiselle Bourienne
