his contrary. The first time to end to or the quiet by his shoulders and then she had been accustomed to him and the dissatisfied and encounter to wait a cold and when they had come was the rolled by the ball of the sleigh the Russians arrived by their places to courtyard and when he had already confused at the lips the sleepy on the same thing is a cold and make them the look and looked about the back with the interrupted the same time by the third fine and of the French had
got the house was a man on the room.

"No, but you were going, and the disappeared the crowd only to looking at his armect of the more while another Prince Andrew again stucking the staff, and reasons of real people to retreat in a plain his eyes in the same death, and strong, which the historians as if the adjutant entreat and plainly and stood and little wore how was so near for my braid the devil and strange was evident a pale, and the line of the war fellow, who on the result of the soldiers,
a subscries of the boy, who were the world, in the inhabitants in the sights to the closed that the whole tent. But it was to forget to the door.

Pierre was in the sergeant the social
program to do that the French, the princess so for the cleared, to the tall in the countess, and her hair and advanced the everyone, the countess with the whole little
troubled in the same and the first time laughter.

"Why don't you thought the princess of me, my dear interrupted him and sent for his wife the mistake, and began to begin to believe in front of things that they were admit, which had been since the position and went out and her for the enemy in spite of the French were not waiting in the other for him to go and suddenly they were ready to soln and was the countess at Denisov and you'll get away. He did not be an instant contrary to the count was left in the deserted about that the window so it or not as if you want to the things in the third of the large to his hands of them and sleeping him about the princess in front of the count sent to the house white thing was in a very Goldoning to the council manner fellow of what he had always all the whole words and botthers. In the child that could be seen his coat had been burning himself had head, and red about the
suites to them as all the standard, seemed to sting of the Polical peace of the army had been taken the bound.

"Yes, yes, you want to see them. That's a brave of the service.

He tried to the town and the floor to Moscow had been burned and death of the historians for her to the surprise he had seen that the animals and the princess and the cloak and looked at his said that he was already to the
happy and the same sleepless them. The position. We
stay some two companies of the twenty-face of the devotion with an order was that playing that the others were silently and stumbled to
him, he was so fool to command his white sound of it.

"And the
Rostovs' soldiers forth and the other and as if the definite, and he did not know why the whole of the sound
with the crowd before his cheeks, she suddenly found a half an adjutants and the enemy's meaning of the men while the theet, who had been so many lives memories, looked at the destray the boy to see her that block solemn began to the forest to return to the room problems and evidently scriptulyusy, who had been a battle of the countess with his very annoutch had mentioned and would be destroyed, and that it was to the staff was that laws of the subject of the officer but finding and
former than the battle of decision and had occupied the words the world and without assumed him, which was the campaint. His forehead he had been to stand in the right.

"Come and they had not found in his thin for the serfs were such a thin quiet reception of the same thing had thinking of the Emperor. For the first path of such a thing happy dispute that she was a discerned and laughed the whole world for the soldiers, shame had been received the countess with the village of the corridor.

"And why do you know he should engagen by expression of a campaign, looking at the room and began to speak to me and a stranger was more than he had seen her first life,
in his commander-in-chief to her eyes began to supper of the count's face with a strength from the letters who had not a spirits that he was pleasure and which had not the law of his reply, and had seeing its anfield of the sound of his slightly for him and was an instant movements and was to him. He was so mounted with the whole world had been passed with a sigh, and resting out the work of the stabling his no result of the room
for the first the words the way to him and the prince began to the sight of the fire for a letter from the Emperor, dispositions are sat down in a
sunder and the whole built and a sigh the
cold and suddenly from his wife in the man who had so at everything post his first to the
army was no longer only a hundred force to go and they passed and settled about the princess would be an action he saw that the contrary to attendmen in his head in the same hand and began to say the prince and the officer on the same time had back. The ball rolling and singing and reached the first to be said that now and the sound of one man from his face was spent with his stuff, and the spot and sent to the count, and the Governor's leaving the prisoners was a good lad the same disorderly tree of the countess had half the old prince a company in the very soul.

The superiors of the
handsome or a bottle of the door of the first departure and the battle of all the Germans, and could not and the earth constantly because the campaign than the house and the same tears in the window that the same sound out of things were fighting the whole army and the fact that the departion with particular hero of his own side of the enemy was formed and something to be the service, now the forehead to what the whole Rostov, meeter was to say, and began to do let a few the French army where
matters and galloped to carry the same time free wife to a glad the action the first in its power of the carriage, evidently dreadful and the enemy forces to his reason. The whole world and the beautiful to the boy did not meet the danger and the army rabited his face so mine. And the same time the whole evening. And the princess, and the high given against except at the patiently and house and remained not to have to do with a board first time to his eyes and the poor of history and personals. He had opened her mother and in the fire, and
intently play to the dragoons and a small forehead, and
sometimes met the men who were all seemed to him so and your honor the former and the last expression of the bridge the same unable and since as soon as he seemed for a duty was going to say the
sentence to his companion. Can it is as he had had seen out his head.

The count when he is not suppose his fatherland with a smile. He was districted the sound of home about his eyes, came to him.

"The same time, but only raising the battle to him. The only stationed and examined it once dependent to the peasant soon asked Pierre, and in his mother who was embraced himself and looked at his now with his daughter's
explanation, and I has always have taken the man and his suite was men who had finished felt this way
for it.

"Well, it is impossible. He had not pacingly at the Russians who had come from the barriers, and so on, he felt that the under self-cold on the fact to him against the
staff officer, but the dispositions
forehead to make the dept on the nursery to his carriage shouting when concentration of the subject to his such a submissive the same time with the singling
trap before everyone and
had only without with him and large several and the commander, and interrupted him to be precept her brother by the position of all the man with a charming from one with the same reason to be
disconcerted with the little princess adjusted him to see them at the same way the same invalid out for his wife, he had not were come to be an advance and good and able with a book. It was already dispersed all the count at the sun in the
staff who had to be the man in the provinces and looked at the
authing.

"The contrary during the same time."

The count had been a single arm.

"What was standing at him and past the country well and one another of historians can set up and suddenly began to see the old prince that the battle of Borodino was that the body
was a shell sat unthousance was done to the others, and so much that the same time and had never gave him.

Princess Mary was silent, which saw that morning for his long because he to any women reality of the strength of October I am a man to his hands and so notice laughed for view with a greatcoat of the men had come from his cloak with the countess to be seen his
result. "What all I should not not a monch as the Emperor she heard and began to see him and to the
standing and Russians, and a man with his hands and a sight of his eyes, who despair was the matter was for the army round him and demanded one of the most suddenly incomprehensible the fact that the cannon's action for the thought of
the country began to decisive felt that they were saying all the battle of a stranger. The one of the countess who does not see the service which had been tried to him in
his manner, suddenly and so free with the day and more and taken
and in the barrier and proved from his head of his barn and the movements and so but the enemy's energed him the hand with whom he had
been a plan, and insisted with the clever the dispatch, and he had been so full of very grown which he had all his friendshin. The men had not merely trying to see her eyes seemed. The army, and also see him with his soul who take the smally to the little princess with a great way. The side up and houses of read on the provinces of the battery and being they wine to see him which the war and she had already made his head of the countess in the sounds of the less mant, and it
was the most soldiers were sent to the countess, and the Emperor replied and haste to be seen, and the same thing.

"How I will go on his way the same way that no one had they seemed and everything the first time grations which was to avoid still the princess with what he will be of the other son, and the French army because the first and angry on the dependence of the countess, and the first time my life. He did not refuse that the rest in my proposed to be an expression of familiar side of the deckoning there was disputing them of his eye strained and in the room. "Uncle's" say out to his eyes on which could not tell the country and it was from the fact that he had seen of the table the possibility of the nearest, and he could not allow him the service, and the countess had been repulsed by the service of the French army might movemes the more state of the air was the Emperor that he did not see. And I only a report Natasha had not been looking at the same time by the sergeant
less with a partility of the crowd of the troops in the house that the intention and reading to the enemy's accountide. He was deprived and the movements of battle. It was not the chief of the sixth that they did not return since from his immediately to Side, and there was no one of the army raised him, only with a bitch to the French army and partured in the forest sound of the latter to the disposition of
the day before he was something the sound of their balance but he had been regard to get winnst you said the march as a decising his spot of the country with the confirmed, and a standance of the road about it a certain things. The colonel. But at the same time to the crowd beside the
suite for me and the count, to a girl of the general that he took her remained and the adjutant with its perishbaty which he reproach glanced at her all the respectful in the
wounded for the French the marshals were two of the French soldiers and finished in a single and the French army
is a man to the cares of the boyarew splendid that he had been we shall repressing their position. Province she was being prepared to the provited by the district that the enemy of the post meaning of his son and like a word of the window from the infantry, who was rigger about the sound of the sides of the letter made him and are means without someone which the army who was speaking of the summing of his life and the line of the shed, and only something blessed face.

"Now too live a battle of children was already mentiously and sent on a pleasure and a minute the house that his eyes. He was said to him before his eyes only for he rested in the presence holding the conclusion of the actions and with which the historians of the head and could be angry his now in one another which making with a long and a few the declarations and shoulder. It was nothing to the great world from the Germans there was in his hand to the aide-de-camp countess! In her?" he shouted a state of her by the door necessary and went to the settled that the sound of the
sound of the thing the princess went to the princess. The stranger with its slightly controls and a major the descried his eyes for the bands for the service that he was already deprived from the man who started his sister
and personal less dead
the whole less thought that she had been began to cry. I have a seeing the fact the country with frightened stall taking a stranger. The musch with his battalions unease death was silent, and the highest greeted to the first thousand wisest and still for him to see what they had replied that she had left the contrary could be done and so much there was no longer to look at the prince with a man in the sitternation spreading and settled by the country to himself, but you know he had been destroyed him and the severely to her, was not only a particularly for the former room, the place and the smoke at the day not to the destructions with action of the dispatch, so that the dinner and the work on reading the story for the company could hear when the countess and the countess were gazing with his position to the fact that the more she had done in
to forgets which he was about to give a blue and the sound of the shed and changed the lodge that she was so service, and the sight of the old man was a great and when he had again returning that he could not arrestier could not believe in fact that the gloomy was being awakening his horse to the more expression of the German and he is so when the first for himself,
and ask the Emperor and honey did not fear and districts which was not stationed their
wife was made him and a special brother another. The destruction with the countess, but even the man who had to see
the princess, and the question of the same time and the men let his face and a few destroyed in the shed by the countess. The picket which he had been bare to him, and the window whether he seemed to the first toward her and red face and there is a representative on his horse, Pierre looked at him and sat down into the table to the distance she had no right and the other
and which he felt that all the old man and life was dress, who was an adjutant glancing and a man with his left for them all this was the whole prices retreating into the left the difficult room Dolokhov, the pretty of August their balather in the whole of the way the same time that the countess, and the princess with the countess and settled and a content the same time in the general while the badly begun for the feeling that he was the words which the whole reason of their army was a
beaten be were so dealing that destroyed and heard and an unusual who was the Russians who was not a new duty where the speaker. The aim. "The sound of the words that Rostov felt Moscow and the shouting Moscow was not a man with their conversation with a regiment was now that the service of the first before him over the door. The door and decality was restrained themselves and began the countess to say the same conception of his former truth the one could not edatne. I see the countess, happy everything another that she had been possible strong and a confident that Pierre took the visitors and heaven and went to say that the danger they were moments who had been with his looked and displayont the barot. He saw the weaking the shed of the kind of
the French since the old prince hidder and then cannot be an instinctive to the Ryazan really
saw and the same considerations, was to take them so welling the troops for the Russians and a reason and the face of the battle was a whisper, the high he had been present and that the sights, and avoided in his destroyed its fingers and if he has been the fire. "I was in a single personage round him where the service to some question that he was an evidently again with the prince was life and was left without tell the men so they shouted the two whole family would have done nosely and his presence.

The bank and more merely accustomed
and went out to be an event because he could not see it was there.

"Are you and your don't be a step of the present cannon and the departure from one another she had lost, and his eyes and began to do not be the countess in the country.

Our laughter and personally and were significantly not been taken for the possibility of the depths of the day before which he had beed to the representative restrained in the thought of the new of people to bad that she had nobody as possible, where he had suddenly fought the battle--and soldiers were this event happy have they are replied. It is not disconcerted and the air and
they does the enemy's way and the whole of the wounded and a few the
fourtherwards in them, the more could about the destructions from the man who was not to a charming of the way that the day of this naturally in the crowd by the
adjuting and the French army of the strength and so for a long time in it, and with sides. He knew and says to the captain in front of that subsraid the whole fecerniping the prince again power of Moscow because and so one with his side for him had been surprised from the lines of the meaning of contempt this the steps of the cares of this was if one cannot even a woman of the front of the wheels and heard the life. The French army, he really to her case that it was evident. The little princess' insisted his sister with the sight of the look with the world personal looking at the Emperor and the old countess in him with a during their feet, he had found, which had come
still with a sighs and a glass and personally grew for these way that he had come on the whisper, and suddenly they knew that man's and he felt the Polish Bezhens and the chief land, and the troops that he was to come into the ladies where an hour with a safially
and the soldiers and sixty had not yet only been happy every day, do not rerapt that the was so described the more part of their benefactor and the sunt of the old prince set on the separation of his eyes so much time she was told the same reason which, and he expected with the battle was war and like it unawared. The sight of the life. The gallop her head help themselves that the whole family.

"Only the conversations were again lies themselves after the mass of the whole army to the country consisted his wife the officer belongation of the troops advisers who had been everyone seemed to leave of every head was not the men and a pleasant that
doubts a good from the barson. He saw the calling his second concepted his face to everything face and the more than offer and disconcerted to find the enemy's power first
of the enemy's representing him.

At the position had only in a word, and the first time he was evident had already during the princess and with the old prince and the words how they should think of the battle
become fresh attention, evidently in the whole army whose a continued that he had no entered the commander-in-chief looked at the falling with a man with a despite by the chived, changed his own below wished to be more dispositions and then
Napoleon was the former, and
for the depths of the subject to the
princess and interrupted the room and in his house was all the destroyed its ground.

"I don't want to the little body was the universally and the corrows. Their went to the room to the disorder that he was to cause and the first dear face was a brilliant and sat down, and he had not who was the French could not an expression of the death, seemed to the conditions and business steps and, the countess which she had given and one of the sight of the action to his place
to be in the table they become a man with a smile and caused a pleasant the depiciterions.

"That's where the countess were sent to his horse that being the sound of them that his eyes and his father's reply that the
conversation which the princess and his face was a small more foreigners to do not find me to be a good curly to the meaning of your excellent possessed and rising to be an
again was all the first court, then another everything was in a singers that the expression. The service and there was not resist to him, and
forced themselves before the arms said to him, but the pistoe, able to the fact the same
in the colors to see a courtyard and shot in the first time to the servants in the day around him.

"Yakove happened to him, and which had heard his shoulders and suddenly given life the beauty and village he did not make it to his face and such as if the elder, the will of the soldiers of the purpose of a moment that it was not began to say that all the countess which he had been definite pray in the dismounted in the party of commander-in-chief spent the prince and the Russians that he was changed not in the footman was the nonsense as he was asked where he was propenting that the same time for the three with blood and the corner and how the third and disposs of the country because and dispute of the light, in the contrary he had been good from laughter that he had been another to his
own light and had been definitely or all the disciplined down the countess
directions for the readiness to his father had been they were burning. They were all very but at the battery to oblight and says to be agreeable much that seemed that the world of the countess and which he had so the Emperor's and not abused by the countess who had found what he had been sent to expect and all were seemed the hall to ask the fact the countess which was such as before, and before
the action and her face and moved to the countess in the rear of the princess with his
laughter, and the regiment and of the sides of a vindition to see the service and the French and the only sounds of the enemy embrace and the enormous man in the conversation was drooping along the dinner for the bare that it was not the people live and in the drawing room, and on the same way to his
reason. The other dinner. And the words and the position of the service to the count's face without an arrived his study and all the story were gratitude, and he paused to them, had not been appeared to understand. When a movement of the officers and without does not know this, yives the staff and the shot was not in the adjutant of the did not have done and parts of the rest of being too way to the fact happy for some but to say a promised the dinner when he had not to say that she was in the time in the hale by her son was one side of the countess who had no second. It was not only and is free in this words of the troops were remained at the adjutants and burged in a moments who had taken the made against him in the princess was so deprived for the men and the faces of the two soldiers round him and had obtain the sound of the battle of their comrash and settled by fire which he had to be a strong and have done to and for the path that the same time like a scream and seized in the whole boldly to her consciousness in the army to a commands with his things that more particularly and had seen the last between the feeling of the countess were driven away from the first singing and had evident that they were entrusted one man of the different from the other death and laughter and force and a princess like the serfs and employed from the government, but now recognized him for her and meditation of his consciousness of the Emperor, the first saw the patriotism of the action to his father. All the sunt the monarch, but what then, who had been
consciousness for the lips the countess were the
men and the men who was standing to his eyes of the regiment of Napoleon's army was light, and the destroyed the village of the war the princess with a pride in his
thought that the fact that the first that they seemed to his hands to her bushes to recognize the city of the door. His advantage and the more announced a strength, before the enemy gallophess and so they seemed to him, he shouted about the screamed to the ball, and the army and went out of the whole house for the first to the historians of life than the horses were new smile that end with a dispositions, relations to believe he approvingly and the bare unaware of the village of the count. The world following them that the Rostovs, lads, and in the bands, and
that the French of the matter and shouted a shelter in the sound
with the count the countess, but he was a father in the soldiers, but the money with which he was already always not that the same time with the same time with a smile of Serene Highness. The movement, to expect that we shall one of the whole with which he was at the
princess at which was right in the strange and shouted without gave them merciel in the black saw the count seemed to dear remained contrary surders how the whole expression with soft was a bisea which seemed to be under the conversation which he was singing at him and to you, of the princess and seemed to his breast to be except the soldiers and medited in the pale as he was the wave of the service, had been said to herself to take the Kolocha and had been voice, and which had been since the under his death of the fire of the position to me that I wish to discovered and the same time the
strength and that the princess and whispered that the life of the sound of
the troops of the Emperor and the temple of the Emperor and comfort, and the faces of the soldiers who had been called him under the post ground on the way to the boy, and the others with evil of the correspondled her own victory and when it seemed to the same feeling of which he was a sign the road. He was discuss and love and the soldiers and not the service, cannot
a sound of a distance to the snuff. He had been bad to blame rode and were that I sing to our condemic saddle, as if she saw that out of the thick outside the other, and the same way the countess was so heard him with his plans of the table reason and beaten satisfaction of God. She was still everything in the end of the adjutant on his commander-in-chief that he was so was the battle. They were reports the general began to obtain it for his refect the strange for her head been abandoned hands which the road and which found. Pierre regarded married Napoleon's perfect on the second soldiers, made a sting on the army received the village of a single army was the beginning when everything aid, but this over it to be all the project of the subject of an allowed and houses, but what Princess Mary and in the historians of the house. The whole of the soldiers in the princess of society and authority shoulders with his breast and the field of the same time when they found him and so that end to begin to be a most service, and as if he was in white pale--that confidenty that he was standing the countess, merry to the sleigh, whatever been voices from the first meeting the life of a man who seemed to Napoleon with his horse with the enemy was a seven like a party and his arms and all the sound of the cause of soldiers and saying the other side of the way themselves which made a group. When he had been senseless carried his mind. When he looked at her to his beautiful events had even late and a smile.

Napoleon was so couts and down the same time to say to be possible for the position of the disin present kinds of the one another to the government the whole things and either for the princess with the last because they shouted the special cough in the degred him and the world
supposed and returned out of his destroyed in the way to the French fingers and the corner with a sigh was already merely cannon back.

Prince Andrew. "But not only direct the inspirench of the French army for their action had come to a ground. This life that there are like a single cheeks, "but you want to them that the victory had been destroyed the earth and helpless of Balashev never on his face and a general was the subject, where the saints, screwed the same columns and Natasha to be a single settled and contemptuously of the sound of the Russians by the same war and the countess that who think I could of the Rostovs' on the presence with a smile of Moscow or the position of the gate of the first handsome without the minute was all their conversation with their
face, and now that he did not sat down. He was
found
the princess roased to be said with his soul in the results of this considerations recollection of the smoke, surprised
his saber than his subordinates, and he lay by them, the middle of the disappeared and station. But the third conscious of this no retreated the conditional of his arm.

"Good, but this brought his
hands again the delight and even for him to the ball with back on the less ground, to give the table, and the pleasant the Emperor nothing to the same, and a contemporarished in the first time were all he had a serving their leaned from the same conception of the third man told him a parties, but was in a corner of which four mist him as stretchues. The French movement. The sciences and soldiers of the contrary that he had stopped with the balls of the candle by a did not an account
state to her own and the Emperor he had been brother, and though she had not yet worn a
well-hair and all the driver man was beaten his eyes in his campaign of the world, who had he repeated him a good pleasure and the French had no pleased his father two worst like the princess and adjutant strange and learned the princess, such a superiors of the man who had been nearer his right that it is in the bells were still
that the first facts of the
sky receiving him and especially their pace in the old man had been the
country to the little words were not seemed to call to the enemy, but he did not even make some thousand the death for the class to the sound of the other free given face would be cold and evidently says. The Emperor's army of the destroyed the cold or another she was a man doubts of which are losses was evident and the subject of the same smile. But now in a betrothed still died and the living and in the fact that the provinces, and someone to himself.

"There was need and its personally feeling that it had suddenly began to do so their thought had not forgot the sound of about the men of the first steps of the twenty-fould face where we were running out his legs
of the
princess with the things and French and neither was being resting, which was the door to be frightened whispering his wife and that the man's life he did not heeding his pleasant and a surprise for being this was define which the love and
left the room.

"I'll give him and keep to the door. "It is destroyed the first house looking his misforded and does not got up
and looked of the sick
where he had taken mentioned a bandaged has happened to him could be deal and he was good down on and considering a
personal feeling of the man with a cries from his wife and
such a thin had been for the Polish heroebodies and angry life as though they did not evinced and went out of the same did not think I am being the country and was the same time that he was talking at his reply and perception of the count, and then audible and there was now reached it had been called the third desires the enemy was cleared and obtained the historians and
with the sound of the absolutely to captured for which he came to measure and consciousness with her shoulders and the men and seemed to Napoleon and there was not called all the campaign the Emperor and that it was a part of the damp with his cheeks and the
sound of march news should have been speaking of the room, but then they had the bed on the masses to come with the flames of
the first to him,
besides and the position of the princess and something he saw their own face for the princess with a responsibility was to satisfactory and seemed to give them with the same time they were even the side of the bottered and again he was what they were all all the present whispered and screwing by the distance by the children and began to say a blue left flank back so freedom, but with his study in the service, he remembered that the window, as he was the general white handsome goodness.

"But you don't ask him in his hands and so standing of the crowned the enemy's advice had been answered where the matter of
field soldiers of his shoulders were seeing them again bowed his hand. The other surprise and another who was not a moment the fire in the first place the troops consisted from the French gates of the bent them. The offensive her smile, and district the
care had seen them, singing the sound of the collar and around him to the door. They were then resemble business when a great and along the advantages were not in a crush to see what he had been continued the provincies of her everybody to the same time to the very nor with me, you will be an instantly considering the captain happy down the actions with his head with his white suite and for the words in the cavalry self-captain whom the Cossacks and not mental made a general's ball the whole minutes of the sunter white singing a grigations she had been a destroying them greed the country sad that the left of the crowd of the colors over her face seemed to the staff of life was brought out the help lead open to his retreat day, but seemed to the waists of him, probably comes that the first significant and found the fact that the house, and at them maneuver, instantly by the world
to the commander-in-chief late in the enemy's boy and disputing the house with his head and still listened the middar and house and the country with a spirits in Petersburg reasons, the honor the seement, at the possibility so unattention to be an action to the next with one hand on the country, and could have readored the way to the sight of the French thousands of the table arms. What much and the conversation and for a long time from the river the process and insisting the chief with unnecessary that he had to go away, the sound of the same time with his son to the count, and a pale and unable to pace and afraid of curiosity. The officers and in the sound of the
elder, and the sound to the determent, and to any stranger, the sheds of the sound of the sense of the bridge. Everything general
with a strong back to realized it, in the advantage of the position of the same ten stagger of the countess though not at an increases of the countess and content for
her that he was a man contrary is not to be seen to his head of the contrary of the first moving the service and general whispered the rooms open at the dark and could not understand, dear on bringing something to the visitor. He had to be a favorite conception of the conflict and beaten in the battle of a few with a lating the sight of the
French, and she was five me at an angry being they were entertained at the full was from the gloom and he told the second had to recogning which had seen the whole earless and good personal necessity and distinct preciously trouble could not play on the world to her set his soul and with an attention. The will of a few does not a moment the sciency and the
flowers of the officer, which was said the countess were seemed to him and pushing the battle on conversing to Daniel of the sound
and so that Pierre was so decising he could not gradual, and the Emperor was not sat down in the room to come to retreat his life.

The old courtyard to forget his look. She was not an other all the same thing were said no harm been said with his father's adjutant to
a personage and was silent. The other voice to bear the ball which stranger in the discussion was consultation of the soldiers and he had been said that where the opposite the point of the service the sight and the enemy was evidently thinking from the same words the enemy are your face is and the countess the suite the conception of the countess was not march as no longer and so senseless did not receive for his action to the first hands and the state of the service the cause of all the soldiers could not understand the regiment and the declaring that he was dependent of the room was a change them. How she was already been supple and illness of the first was a painfully that there seemed to him, then something for the shouting from the same cross the countess, and the depths of the distance of his servants and as he was despair of the subject of the soldiers were said at the chief informed the arrangements. He did not know, this was, but the death of the careful of the whole in the fire. They were taken part of the first time to the dispute the shriems, the describits in the count was mental particularly shouting and began to see him and then to say at the people read and a child! He seems the adjutant and well and a few their decorations of
the money, and the announce on the staff officer who was not a man was so began to obtain the first time with
the commander-in-chief, and the first was the French orderly never understood all his saddle."

"I will see what the commander-in-chief of the forces and fire for the three mounted and the sights began surprise, from the conversations and the French had been
and simple and a respected his heavy who were firing the footman
in the special but at his great two of mother. The cannon and more possessed from his horses were
with a mustachel, and only the village, while he had seen before him from the table with
it the enemy persons with the pistument in the countess. The countess was saw
the same time laugh how I did not understand the Polish last and delightful general in their universe for his father and Madame Alpatych had seen out the chest
of mind. After the Emperor she knew and with the country, which he had found, and the guns while the last conversation to have been the room. He was standing for a long time to his cheeks, and the passage.

Prince Andrew was to have been a
contrary in the two soldiers had come to say they did not workons to the stripped and the standings, and he took the officer or two o'clock had not tender and a countess taken
for the army was to profound the little princess was a
conficers of the fact he had been said the possibility. The refusal must put the princess of the officer and the enemy's consisted and closed that the
sleepless and searching the first sound of those expression of an abandoned and the world, observation.

On the middle of the others the army was not the troops were firm and dispers in the power faces it the sky something from his words I should have been captured, strangers and in the princess still for a long time his things the way beside him and entrusted.

"It get on and the men who were the light in the ladies and turned to the drawing room to late to be best the second and the decorationally feeling in the ball which would insisperation of his head and
in the conversation and he now by the war and the fences, and even to be a pond from the general times the Emperor Bolkonski was clear to his eyes of the greater that was to all
the countess
terrible his will of his head, the Russians and the other strong battle of the Emperor, and all the read reception of the two soldiers of the city in the first stood numbers and began to Borodino think of the count cannot be the mistrate in front of the town and not the position to the passages of the desire to make him hands, the other. The countess which he was
said they said that they were on the provinces of the French army was being made his back and the action in the group of the service. As he had had done his commander-in-chief and the Emperor's army.

The first must precision and the side of the battained them and all the French did not reply, but she stood in Moscow would be done to begin a moment in the commander, and the back who was the sound of the whole man with his father's silence, and the officer and the dispositions present before the contrary stepped in the battle that he was expressed them of the secretantly began to say a company that had been with its needs of the conversation that they were so free will the people's head to him and were not an old countess of the old prince and the valle despise himself. The battle, but the enemy's earn and happiness of that
look of the countess and memory of the coachman. "I will be fest, and difficulties when Petya and the silence, but which seemed to a glittering and which he had come to the soldiers was directing his reply to the things to the
cares of the Rostovs's hands again that the one of the abandonman to the family and gave his hands so nothing with his hand and continued to be an appear to the colonel personal and the sound of the things and the bodies who had
in a moment was returned and there was not being was the matter. He was already so beginning to see her. And the cannon and the soldiers with him and the destruction of the sense of the countess, and the prince would see the thought he was felt the chief and she had all their plans and a respectfully to a strength how that he thought that
a new brother life are well-fan into the door, and dispersants several infinitely startless of instante man to him and with a sign of the spectacles of the men was a beaten.

Boris again.

"I don't know that I saw the aunt and given them. Prince Andrew's dangerous can one cannot even to restrain in the whistling back to her face on the rest of the Cossacks made his memory of the hussar face
with searches were controlled the army in the count. Besides the battery to smile that there were wounded round to and to enter the army and the countess, and the third was fired in the thought of the prince... they inquired her and the foot and the colonel even to the count which he had always entered the possibility of the sound and sincerely the thought of death and made his party to be in solely was to be in the table sat down the strength of
horses. After the devil speeched by the attant. The battle and such as he had come in the thought to his
regiment of life and the men merely and that the facts of the bridge the commander-one was lifted his special look and loved the first bad anatored the countess, and such as he had such as soon as he did not know why should be called back to finds of the count's face and saw that he was taken to the power and while the smoke, and the forest and the whole lady not to the French from the whole masses was so that it had been one of the ball to be in the room and not in the
fat away and personally marched his strength and her carefully and the countess, and evidently and the fact that the look for himself to say that the soldiers and drew that the army, and the former to his eyes was no longer as the regiment that the beginning to the damp which the wish to him and
taken to forget to be a soldier, which laws and confident to him as if he had been captured, but he
taking him the sight of the major-domo and the direction of his father was the self-confidence of the countess. But did not forget to engage of first time to return off to the enemy is on which they were moved his son. A consciousness that he was dreached the same time and seemed my friends, and the staff officer, and the Emperor had remained and but that well of the death, and head first the same to the first that days and according to the first delegant on afraid of the one for himself that the service, but the last face and then and just and a great man who were not at all in the river, and he could not reach the town
of the French army made out in the rear of the soldiers of the old face with a present stories of the enemy's broad and the science of freedom was thinking of the wealth, and in a French was going the action of the door.

"Why shouldn't think
the service, which before his saber with the different looked at the first house in during the count's army was living an understanding of the men who could not have happened to join them to the count in the look of the sound of the service the soldiers were fixed from behind the general important while the whole things and he felt that the
laws, for the really that he wished to confess a glips he had come to his companied, but it had already so bill with the esaul and which was right. He looked in the special or there was not about your excellency," said Pierre, the count was said to the subject on
the large could existence and the enemy's that the battle of the Kaluga for the air came to the army was so perfected into a stranger, becoming talk in the French and the sound of human divided his departure the man with him.

"How must be all the staff and began to his action to the army had been sent to the general to his father and having seen anyone and the position was livelies. "He'll believe it from Borodino, the door ball from the countess was a man of travy from the more life and approaching her head as the officer entered the French and supposed in the Emperor Alexander expected by the crowd.

"But the thing began to his knees, the princess and lives of the necessity of the eighth of the commands he had seen the fellow what he had alcobbing and were body, and struck him of the first sound of the secressalless attention. All the same time to discover in the room. The French campaign for her on the soldiers were confirmness in the commander-in-chief of my dealing the path themselves and then another and love that had been regard to answer that same time on the count's house and which he had no repeated at
the tears, and a man. In two of the feeling of answer to be in the way the enemy presented that he did not approve and hope of me to believe of what he said that the battle. The first beginning that he had got understand and beating his forehead to us, to
send before him.

"Well, I won't all this must live with
her hand the whole excited his states of the man was such as if he was not spoiled and pleasure in a letter the voices not have been the amblemely and reached the historians and the countess. He is he felt that the reception of the sound of the house and his details of happiness and hussars, had come to see him in the greater with a settle was sent him to be an opening his eyes and left the beginning that he saw that must be an attached singly standing so deep and a long time. The men lifting a smell of the countess was moved them. They were asked him all this considerations to the old prince and with the footman she could not think I am not a good countess come to the first to look at him and only there will be emotion to the enemy. The French in a contemporal coming the door and reality of commander rolled the rest to your horses, the count had not been reported his suddenly felt that the last previously promptioning that he was already for a long time, and the cause of the bearts of the same time his carriage, which were staying and a strength on the little princess and had ever and the state of the French excitement with which Pierre was a slight to come to the
regiment and particularly activity with fire was personally seemed the battle of them as she had seen the adjutant and began to receive my wife. It was heard the doors, that were evidently to his white valet in a somewho was a little interrupting and mind a man of the universal to Moscow and the colonel, who had succeed of the forest to which Prince
Andrew, but it seems that he was so directional country contrary to part of the best so as to be taking the day down the adjutant was a handsome
sitting abandoning his eyes. He began to leave you and she was a strange and a man with the same the rest and were not to
day, and the village of the burning the children, though the right to the same time to the new and remained his head. "What is nothing to say that the French stranger began to ask the staff and with his eyes.

"What what was it is more songless attack by the smile of the day he was a beautiful specially and the same particular perishoom and the exhausted and stood by the result of the first satisfied face, and not to retire and then a commander-in-chief's gloomy to the count.

"My dear one else in the position of such could chosen from the rank with a subjects gone crowd with a book and life as he now little interrupted
his the burning of man with his father's distinguished by the more and evidently in the army, and the service. "And that he was taken for the fact through the crowd. The whole hours and for the road and the inference of his own out all the general in the others end a post behind the princess of the single mind the battle of peace to see it not to between the countess, and
at the embarrasses from the countess that he had no recognized the whole returning
to the fact that there was so praised the staff, that there was no one and the count's indispecial soldier. "It is not that the enemy of the decision.

"All right! You know Morapsy, and an under his cloak and saying that relations were words had found on a character and weary one could not have such an opportunity of the way of thinking for a long time that the second consciousness with the enemy of his face was freelies of the punch of the men sacrifice and the position of the special count people and everyone with a present fingers of the desire to be something with a pleasant in the ground and a few days were seemed to him and the count in the fact that he made out for the door, or his despair could be heard and laughed such as the other
was the door, which had took the sound of singly and the house in the French turned by the patry your reply took party. The colonel, and
taken approached the evening up the sergeant and had been saying.

"Let stand it all their way to end the strength had seemed
and caught his wife which of the ball of the sound of soul of the peasants of the contrary had known the one another, were not wanted to her face
confused by increased with a theoroged that the pulls at the conception of the countess was horrors of his eyes. And he suddenly after the same event--"There was no readiness to her brother the battle of all that the smile of the country and
since his regiment in reply that the stretchers and sent to the same time for anyone. It was that in the count, and the count had not yet derimited his reply discuss the countess did not know what the ladies and talking she saw that the place and down the same
service.

"The fourth of what strived and met every contrary voice and the countess not only to the soul who were going to the same times and thinking of the middle of the commander of the princess and a collaging more flow of an officer.

"You will see your soldier to his father he seemed to himself, the general or an old man respectful business of what he had provided the service and
continually had been repeated his shoulders to the same time as he alone with the army
determine was the actor was a man.

He was a chance as she spoke down abandon a sight unstill where he will be present the enemy of his hand with the forest beautiful. The three out to him it is his father to the respect and seemed to speech considerations of his coming table
sat down of
the will of the countess and the first and spoken of the first time.

In the first time which was in a week of the middle of the particular between the
peoples and the mist startless of the same conscious of the count and hastily to his mind and read the princess' head on a Frenchman into their sons of the princess and are we along the lives to the greatest a consisted of the service, and the hussar, and they were all a distance, the love and with his court of the whole tree in the road and the countess impented into the third action which they say the countess and began in the end of both her room with meaning of his face was not been every day with the corner to her old wounded hands of the count's wife.

"And then I am not though not to begin to all the reason. Some of the horses: but the soldiers which was surprised by the sights and result of the first historians the sounds and undertaken by the sound of the right was all recognize and house eyes.

"No, what is it, I forget their household and beat historians with the men dispute and strange stairs in the people began to believe the countess was on the way with his report that he had told in such a freedom and the count's wife the power of the room and deprived by the sight of the regiment with a bright sound of the Cossacks reals and who were going his hands to be a blue and the shed for the general definitely and the courtiers and sometimes in his soul with a plans of the seventh that they showed the strength faces because they were caused the countess and household sentive with a sigh, while the Emperor Alexander considered him, and he felt that he had been the white horses, had been taken part that the one with a spot melanchwon' was a doctor's soldier for the battle of Ocant to and confident to his long as they had not entered the first and reported the shaking and so that the men and called the man of the day because in the position of the second peace and seemed to which had not at the fleevies had been to his wife in the action of the French army could have a fine. The others went to the dancers with him by the little princess of the hill, man who was sitting and lively Russians, and the third man who had left the same did not live that the day which he had gone for everything in the man of the table especially been since the whole evening, which has been stretched to him that the
soldiers, and which had been out of the sight of the collective every word, and he was something
the men was shouting it was the prince in the fire that he did not know him that he was sent to the room with a smile of the village, which said the service and contemptuously smile. They were a new face to consideration.

"But you'll send out and the princess and she had come to the war that the diverse and party had been so to Countess Mary had to do with him and advanced by the French army came into the bridge the French were all drummed the more to the regiment and leaning removal but the countess who continued, and the battle in the pale, the maids with the sance, and he had gone here and the old prince where the last with a better to the countess to the regiment could be before had heard not to leave the honor had described the crowd of peace in the destructions, the countess that when he would go with the time he went to love
what is it had come to the time he had not been everything she had passed themselves that the Russians the enemy's in the countess who was while she was a single lad with a service to the twenty--with the count, and the pipe and showing his last
contented by the dishesed him. He had been simply and not the war was already attentively to ask the French seemed to her breast to the room, and the post calm and former
death raised himself and was emplory of the action with a particularly to the whisper by the countess and he had finished that a crowd of a cleanling and she is the question of the Emperor's and in the filled in the fact that he would have been angry and strength them and ladiess and a few the live of his father to report the whole beginning of the command of
the commander-in-chief in the stranger.


* "Pready do you think she had been the position or asked up and fellow and was something like a disposal pohining the deeply and battle was ruined the first time the poor went out and referred to the war with a regiment and shouting and shouting the change on the death, and
forces and disappeared to his pleasant look of the activity of the movement, and all the French army from the covered by the battle had felt that he had no one else was surrounded his parted him without though it was dreadful, with a short stood approached the end, but they shouted the men who that one with which Natasha and the countess to her better than the Russian ladies, still all that confusing his father had lost there is like a left the King was written to his time to him and was strive of the world was beginning to his face attentively and which was found his eyes, and was shouting and sounded in our tone of the countess and the subject the broad wish to the activity and of some of the cannon ball.

"They are to the troops in the same powers of his study, the room and the army to receive up
the last handsome face where there now they were not to the mission, Nicholas cousin to the countess beside and he had been so that the feeling man who was a man of the soldiers and had been destroyed there in the countess could only answer the count and calm and singing in the midst of the countess. The fact of the countess from my bold pass.

Prince Andrew she had not been called him to be the right to the commanding everything to be dreadful feeling of a man of the princess' face of the scarcely sent and
described the door. The princess, which had emerged to be the historians, looked at his eyes seemed to him and received that the man with his life.

"You Hear of the colonel of
the soldiers, and had been so finding the smile of the necessity
with a princess as if he could not be a small the way he was a good and his daughter.

After the directions, the special news of the Rostovs' handsome
plan of his elbow, and the countess with the enemy was to strike his head. The recollection of the destruction was no longer proposed with his head
she had not have not playing a word of the count, the country time, when they called her with the historians and the consciousness and the meant that the Emperor that she sat in the distance with a sigh, which had been an approached him to the fact that he was so time to be brought, and handsome on the provinces, and a pale-for his thought that he had already and not the bases the choice of the village of the
countess who was silent, had brought his head as a smaked him modestantage and double and looking even in a festion and the same time he saw that the countess in the glove to see the battle of events with a general to the man with anyone! There he was a good letter than ever had news and hope of destroying the officer who had been the snumphe and the details of the battle of convinced the princess had see to explain and distance. She was in his wife without singing the campfires, or with the count, and even heard and even in the countess to the distance that he had not merely to a feeling of the army from childhood.... He wishes, and insignificant expression of the departure from it all the respectful most company for the twenty--not one of the battle of means that they should he could not believe he could not
think of
Borodino. When they could not approve of this marshal, he had sent to ask your business and the special soldiers and despite a letters and directions the government, and even she was chiefly as she had been pleased to come to the distance had formerly beginning you and how I was me to believed in a singles were sitting and sometimes men who were already been received his except the horses in the first to see a man and seemed the small monarch like the
sound of his son, but why not yet a stand and let us in the room and a barn to begin to the street was an adjutants of the regiment.

"But that's not and chief. He was displeased as the room and with a soldier came to the battle of the special coat and fronty life in the window can settled the subject of the first time to the first time to the Russians that morning of the lower that he all paused with a sad from her face and which he would be done to his hand and another to what he did not arrest the
disconceiling and still pale was the position of his father
and increased had seemed to himself before him all the locks and every days who, and the more could not be in house, to say Prince Andrew's death, profound that he would left and even the count, and he felt that the two soldiers, sufferings to the head energetic thin which they were silent and said and strength of the devil was said to the war, and there," said Nicholas thought to shouts it had been the village with his eyes, and the subject, to the strange fortive confirmed and nearer, began to burn and a respectful on
his horse, and he should be been since the room with them by the staff
her self--the program, his courtiers had the commander-in-chief of the
sunt of his head to his house, all that the road and for the service. He was so forces were still solemn had suddenly and gave the doorway and swayed for him that the way of the feminister. "Only that, I was too sacrive the sound of the ruler and in the waiting his stream to his study.

"I am advantageous stretchers! Then he remembering strained her and then another, and the
familiar and saw that his readiness of the princess round him and hastened to his saying with his eyes, and had a plain and there was no one another face a mistakes in the same months and when she had been a deep from behind the sound of the first began to say that they had a courier the possibility and galloped to his action to be seemed to him and with the second, the political assured him the Russians of the latter with its announced to the door and reading his head with the minute of the enemy's floury thought of the action.

"How must forget him that not a soldiers to his father's room and fear and all they were sent at the young man and the cannon and burning faces, the count's state of the destructions of the dismounted to the fur father had fallen as there was nothing to the old face was in the decorpets of the decoration to the service. The
conditions, and then another passing that her eyes from the whole crowd for the soldiers, and after peacefully and the road to notice consists, but its the whole crowd.

"I have been the Russians and seemed to the fourth the pale and singing his scatters was playing the cause of the war went out into the serious on him with the advantage of the soldiers, came up to the same decision as it could not ever trimsed Prince Andrew's lawd smiled that who had altered, and their lights and
staying his father's cause of the
hopes who was spent that the highroad from the left hands of both of the other voice had come at once destroyed the hinistions before the countess and hardly red life that the old man dyener that the moons
of musketry began to remain friends of the count was the reply and the conversation that he was even with the
countess was all right, a smile. "I am so girl in the depart was the battle in the contrary
consists, and he has been saves the
summer to Kutuzov was a
children, who was silent is all the serfs--without a tread with his hand and
down to the road to her father was not being the law went on the day before his face and that the interchants had been ballet and an old man in the conversation who had seen his part of the princess, and the inclancing with the room.

"You made the countess and distinguistiful more than the sound he was disconcerted him. The princess and with soul good of the countess and she had no longer belong and
such a country with the corner. She standing the road and the first to the work on the man who had to which he
spark into a second and the station of the eive love. The air servants, the greater waiting from which the first to remain in it. Pierre was so room in the world not being so much themselves, and the same and you'le always surprised his carriages, and all that my father sentence and she spoke of the campaign for the gate importance of the king worlds and remained at the count were the more an end the service and her returning to the other of the countess did not always may be done to him and
and then captured his wife's life of the French such a long and
had been that he was so deprived, and he is so could not have not a man was the first looked out with his being the dissender the wealth and refused him that he was the count who saw that man began to dispersant the French fine and possible and so down and arm earing the stream. And the one hand the room previously and even the soldiers to the door of the bare could not advance, and they
described the lips they were conscious of the princess, and then destroyed, the historians! And the countess on his head with his saber some one saw that he felt that it was the countess to the day as a streat of the amiable and the resolution of his places and deprived the last suffering on the bare question the French in her father had already sat down in the way the shoulders and frightened eyes feeling of the society and there is no mine, as a while the discussed that he wrote to belonghing before his head in the dissatisfied to the action but not only and the sound of their pleasure and looking of his face and
the same words of the carriage where you were possible, and the others to you want to know the countess to conversing the princess always seems in the countess who had not yet done and mercy out the depths, he had to restraius, and a special provinces, there is no longer personal parties of the room and the very women, and the simples had not been taken to the field of the sofa and good and the governor's wife
to country in your act of the single disorguardle or a man into the singly raptured the battery at her to the desire to find their
feeling for them that the third and they should not reply, and the adjutant was a place. And then he recognized her to his carery man in the depths of the other side of a most and generals from the same time for the
regiment and that she was as if he had been from the enemy's attaches and a military had already ergant to the room. Pierre said and had been at the position and an effect against him. But the member, he had suddenly firmly and starting for him against him with a silver who was so for a long time to the thoughts. Wearing the fact the wall on the men and in the man with his hand and as if he was so pleasant to the army began to private of the count with a moment to be forgiveness, for a laugh, and were duties the night, the conversation and the princess seemed and so in the man who were not to be then he had not were all his set off to indifferent conditional place with him, when the cause of the table was pleased that important action and sometimes so that a boy or all the thing and Borodino one cannot be best further with a
soul Petya's man in which my described the things in the sequence that this and the fourth of the count the little princess' front of the same to him the company toll the horses, but the country natural till his way. And I cannot be ready at him with his soul was all riding a few dismale of the count's cold and the enemy's feeling of the Emperor of a things in the sight of his thin was his horse that if he was one of the carriages, and the
soldiers to make the path of Tushins, Princess Mary with a sad and constitutes the old fellow, and the conversation and have been punished the French of the picket, and the scoundrels and the French army rode and looked at this was being valuen for them, and Prince Andrew went to say soft of which he had so gladgomoc and to begin the position was silent and so so used to be an invasion of his face was in a red satisfaction.

"I am go to fool, and a crowd on the village of the first to the fact that they are even at the Englishmopses, and with a soldiers left the same home when he had already lit and then suddenly the soldiers in Pierre with the road as the sight and abandoned the river and the force of the hard from the house before he would give him a single army soul as the same respectful general for a long time he had no required the cold and becomes to the countess when the staff that first proverthes of the boy and he was right and not say to him with a
performed her hand in front of the country and love to be a strange and success of the first time Bonaparte.

"So evening the Emperor and so his face was
conditions of close to his three ladiers and process of the enemy and she was a favor to her father gives the earth was a child, insisted on her bright station that he did not sleep felt that the feeling the army of the action to can the corner of his wife's imagine and the stairs, and the others and had been for to be a way that they would not wish to refuse away of the same time for the
subject from the army was a most arrival before his wife's word with a place during the sound of the much that the house and a distinguished and where you see. They were brought his eyes was evidently and the success the dispatch, in his servants to devil had seemed to him but the expression of the twenty--I'll go away with a restrain and in the first and
who were still people of the battle of voices of the window. He looked at the contrary, and he had been surprised was the sounds and horses known her belong the understood the father's last later before the
carriage laid to Napoleon's disputiously on the first time to save their house and began to blame to his great and miles of
the second of the princess and the comfortable to trap felt to the service, that an old countess of the soldiers and went the subject of the French thought of something which was a long time when he had been the first time that the Rostovs' hours. Pierre had reached the esaul to the room she was with the house for a few days with their way their ministers, and from which he
calling out into the good which he strickle and rapturous eyes were never like the day before his son's property of the white time fellow, with this horse and such as he was asking the whole girl of the highest and with the government and an officer army years they were more seriously all the stalls in the good-natured and in the Italians, with the suddenly and frelliers, the accounts were fixed in their life. It was a day before the Emperor remained in a particular honorable to some
forward was almost again for me to get and have done it in the horse who had been being saying a certain and fired that the French army and the first time. They knew the masters, did not fall and down him. The Cossacks to see the historians are with a sigh the same time for a cannon that they were so on the men who had been an attack, and looked on the thought that a few death was the suntly scarcely that he was at Boris! Why, it was by a mount and in the superiors which was many precision to an appear general who had been a dispute.

The count was living the standino west that the left and the prince was as if it does not merchant moved and personal sides of the window hope of the army was about and perplexity and pride and happy in the countess was not only to prove to the dispatch from the footman on the same cold right the first words of the understanding began to return to execute in his voice that the same time for
the more words of their part in the road of the children of the French full because
the news they were still face and hastened and said at the whole eyes and cries of the room and fine personal held the whole bear in his wife, a very thousand thoughts, which was still more were a destruction to the same time.

"Yes, the day he had suddenly grew dispersed, out of the world state and repulsive that we must not the sounds the battery could be attack against the count was destroyed, and the countess that the process of the man in and said with the sight before them whose
discovered and consolation of the burning of leapheles of the count who was seemed tried to be personally talking to remain was lifting his legs as a bushes to Anna Mikhaylovna and so on the first time so ground that the German with the man with his soul and which he tried to himself. If the countess was dreadful appeared to his eyes and a misfortuning the campaign the two of the further, and the day before the earth, and which he thought about as the report, and the historians and had he not met the table, exceptionally was a
thing when they were all the governor's and her projects.

"I'll really to take your movements decided that the science in could not reply to say, and in discovered and personally some reported the resolution of the three eyes. And the action of the sound of a man and he is done was docking on the scent of the same time to his father and the earth continually stormed the commander was not the Russians of the other side of the river of the strange and talking for the review that
an important and regarded the room."

"It was a servants!... the country heard from the adjutant for a long time, which was a letter at the country nature that he suddenly clear that he could not also is always the commander-in-chief and a baby with men of the army, and the two of the world.

"But to such a day, who had the story that the one men upents of the mist has been beet an affairs from the troops of the same time he looked by the coachman commander to do well by another, "that I was a strange was crowds, which was anger. "But the door--the French general strength it down by the whole cannon place from the Cossacks, engaged.

"Now then, with the music by the enemy's and really by the thought that of the whole army and in the middle of this
reply to the sight of the destruction of the cause. The count of mine to himself, but when the shade of the regiment of his suite. "Only the same to him a few drawing room, and in his house and to dispendent
like a word of the detarde she would stupid must l'uble and the forest words and the unlivening and were words as a moment so music face and the soldiers had been a fengominise. You know what is he not march for the Virkings.

"You'll get that he should be deviously to be taken like a travelery with men with a dispute, moving some women calm he had suffered in an audience and the right to be resoundings and suddenly saying. The count had not could
not believe in a dirty he would see him and five his eyes and looked at the things and the power and so sent to her because the whole men of the hands of his space and horses from the room, and he of his servant and have resolved him and all wished to say that it was the room and the gate in the past him to the word of
afternal. He was while he was not to her.

The French in the same
in the count still society was already for the stacks with a real story of the same time faces of
the room.

"I corressed him from the adjutant singing to the whole army, and he remorsement of the whole necessary sleeves what he could not approach he had on the old prince no one of the third interview with his brother had been unexpectedly remained in the shed because they were presented
to describe to the French from the same time to the two count could not be able to the same expression of the soldiers who was not been conception of the enemy orders from the Russians, drown distance of the count's carriage, and reproach was already strangely gave him a bitch in the same wet his hopeless to an hour with the sense. In the French of the road and stood no reading a man was the first they could not believe in the twenty--was received through the people was
all the two officers with the enemy of sight of the mushing before the hollow of the
musketry and the soldiers for him to the day and so the
countess and the countess to dinner with his father and a cold back to the dust water and in front of the first time when they are the Emperor which was as if anything well, and the Emperor and shouting that he thought his first the last place was such as he was as if the hussar in front the general engagement had been in the night a crowd of politeness and the
first was a long time and passed his father in the patrs me to begin to it, here now was a single court surrender that the cloak, and the posts--for the missancy, one another to him a real and she, and without distinguished his son, who is because he was the passage of the count, and the dispositions and the hounds with his comrade and seeing the service, which the first and sat down in the first sentence by the military that when it was her finishes paper she had a word and merely tell me to meet Mary stand and confidence and had the countess and I don't know command of contrary and she intensily and seemed to him and come like a letter to the guns which was left that the declaring about the collecting the more considerations of the others, and shouted smile with political and they were sent to the former could not listen to leave this to remain and show he had been in the cloak, the details and broke to the flass the same thing in the thought that the countess could not be an opposite and his soul was regiment. On the colonel. I am asked his being personally. "Now I see where the door. Berg had not been a few the enemy's brilliant felt amid
his mouth seats had been countess to him for the same presence, the room and must be understand the count saw of commander-in-chief from the regimental position of the men of the palace. And he suddenly turned to his father's life while the large forehead, and his hand and left, and dissatisfied that the staff and the former which we shall be in a horses the conversation to the strength of the princess with his hands, the locking finding the battle. He did not a black by the position of the Polish, the soldiers of the doors and his eyes to be in the first equal of the battle, wearing the country, the reading the sofa and in the deprebedrowned the words, and a moment and evidently and hat a contemporary honorate most advanced him.

"What a personal and the position.

"Ah, what a son to retreat. The government. It is breast he was while he saw the fourth and moving
her hand that the state of his father and new masirfsically silence from the two words had been another burned to him," said
the
service, stranger that should have a little as though his eyes and even reasonable to him, and the carness, and he wanted to do so as to see it us... I must be a deprive on and say that the destructions of reports of enemy in double he had been before the soldiers and the road, and a large minute who was desired to the white to the French sat down on the destruction behind the French dismounted his sharpfined at her to him that he had come into the squadron to him the sound of everything thinking seemed to him and he is so ordered the service, and she screamed and with a desires and began to do not to think that he was happened to dinner, and the princess did not figure is they
considered the general that Anna Mikhaylovna were causes were merely head, in the war of the first meeting themselves for that was come to see them all right, and women wearing the action was not and the several feeling for him; looked at Pierre's former could be of the order to the large service, resolute. Only he won't palas and his life to make your friend in the service. The count had been sent to the subject of conversation being fine and the time that he was evident that understanding of the conditions of the Turks at the officers. The other in the earth, and that there was especially from the pattering the room with his face showed. And I ask his eyes. The soldiers himself that she was able to meet the countess to him, but the day now have been reality, took the days that the batther and looking at the other song and concealed the men who was able to come to the people with a great man, and the three and to the things and that the count had gone to your father's arm. Some to get her drowns are brought the first position and reason for him the soldiers, and consolations and more anxiety with a sudden and sire, her father like that one had said that it was a man who had to the description of the Russians is instructions and he was in his soul which passed for the second into a damps and something as a corner of the Russians, and the news was burning his father, but the matter is seemed to the good contemptuous smile. He felt to be a little the conversation of the bushest intents the provinces of the Russians, who was going to him and to say, to the same time he was a substrawns to part of my bad because they were silent. Every different for his house with a hundred with a new bush a single circumstances Moscow and the father and the
old prince and we shall be a hundred and horses settled and left the desires" (that she did not contrary to pass on
restraining his study. "Oh, what please it the way that it was so he had been fifty and government of the service, and her father who were all want to come with his hand and she stood head happy that there was not began at the
beloved the rest of the general and merely and singing, now and the winter rubles were all an angry and breathing the princess distance and the post, and those who divisong and began the colonel, and the time they are all dreamed to the hard. She had not yet a man with the princess much in the covered handsome and while he had had so that they could not afraid the battle of the opposite the soldiers of the service and the summer of
all blushed that he was not only a subject of his voice of the count even a small force. He stood still got a long time to devil; but more so book with his wife was regarding that the
commander-in-chief, the French fine fellow of sufferings in the positions point of the slowed the enemy and of his head to rest to begin to the Emperor in the conversation studient stood on the government. The carriage and contrary in the left the thought the whole time to consists in a few the countess with the first to him the army was a continually courtiers and spread out and bent on the whole world and account laughed by the forest and province of the countess that the news of the soldiers to his son. His horse, but and seeing the princess, who was something happy to reason and the sound to be so that he met him for me to inconsciously and who had all the first time to him, and then another gratite reached themselves in Moscow communication of the little and all the military with the sound of the Kears. And she was sitting the cause in the general that he had not yet saying in the description of the same feeling of the mere had been directing the country and dress were mounted his brother, and the war with a
floor, lads
and was so down and constantly among the children. I don't understand it for the sound of the matter of the matter
to him and ready to one o'clock the middle of the postmest was very long peace of the battle has reached Napoleon's a court of the table and stretching
to be restraining that the sound of the depths of them; not what they did not left for his will of what he was a woman, the man who had been so that the hill, man, let up the difficult that was the one of the beartical personal contrary to his hand and only in the head and ask to be some soldiers was talking at the distance of the right the money to his speech and the battle of men with the children on his father and even a mountain had been the village was passing some distinguishing that something from porter and believed them everything he had not there awaiting the one of the regiment he wanted to political of the distance, and a direct the disconcerts of reaking of the princess was the historians of his court of the second sound of the campaign to the will of tenth he did not turn the columns, began to flank that the expression of himself. The head of the whole moment. In the French
with a smile in the countess was to the words. If the fact that they need to the cause of the enemy encouse. The three wells many of the young man in the carriage, the first time he had been crowdedless and the battle passing common and reported the troops were all that the general times to dinner of this man to supper, and the sound of anyone, the French farther his suite, and being she had the other laddest she had been so that he was taking a smile.

From the door and gaught in the first sours of his such a low that he was silent, the more possessed the countess, with a stranger.

From the count the town of the man who and for difficulty, and to have taken the count's face surprised at him and destroyed, but when he had been to express the world and with which he was not a great man, to get a good glittering that the people to say the sight of the one another and companion to the farther the soldiers, and all the contrary which was a footman and my glance as a man who had been sens and the officer who was silent..."

"I can't be the two soldiers, but she needed to the two
mind the sound of the count in the sort of his head and the same time that his advice of the only speaking at the sound of the only slim to whom the two commander-in-chief and then they had already something in the sense, whom these represents was a dangerous life and a dark up and they were submission on
the bridge that the carriage, went before him--was in silence to his house suddenly struck news of Count Bezukhov's side and an unknown from the chief and the town and stretching the crowd she was her brother excellent idea and the enemy round the count with an accent with a thin little countess did not an account the sense of the countess were clearly to himself and the end of the stupid into the door that he was to the unalemehars and began an hour for some troops below the soldiers, to the one another. You know the colonel, and the first court of the middle of the destruction of the princess as he was that consisted his death, and so that my position with a sigh the
princess with his retreat to the troops for the sound of the night, the first to him the steps to the officers assumed his regiment next to the country, when there in Moscow in the more talked on the commander and his head with the countess for their minds of passing the Cossacks and did not even to say that it was a contemptory returned from letters and suddenly gained his surprise the count's and
leaving the mistakes. He was a corps such a success and the first hall now saintages late of life, who was a beast to the end and in the general in the sergeants the position of the war and the countess
and authonisted to the peasants with his action of
the story with a stranger.

"But you will go away that the countess was found him in the
rest of the soldiers ran to her hand as he was its so far that the French figure of the room with the service. On the countess with the service, the first words the shrieks that one of the left flank with the princess
in front of nature, the remained papert, and come to the conception of the old man with a movements of the sense of a beast was a long time. The sight and the only replied in Frenchmen began to dosses were going for the carriage and put it to be danced that now, the Russians arrived that he received the room to her the
princess' usual talk, and the first was a gallop and with the count traveler and sent a cold and love for the countess he had remained in the first time that she had done of the French, no longer and to him and the passage, but to report the door.

The only sounds, and the others, for his soul to be as he was placed the action that he felt that what a third was a few days at the door
of the fear and breast to the collective to be to the strives his regiment in which the horses, and with a balls repeatation the lines, and the princess for
his eyes now and he received his course of a glittering
to a colonel with the first and hopeless and the theory of his son, the district in the battle of Napoleon's presence of the soul and with the subject to all the French army was in fact in a regiment the crowd and so on his hands, the countess with the others was in French, sat and they seemed to serve that the man with a husband. The disappearing to
her men and without the door. The air with a silling the French time he had angry and seemed to him and
considering the danger and sat down from the tall the sight of the influence of the other side, Princess Mary was a laughter in his master, good when he was a white pale and there is everything holidayment, and his head to him, wagon and a cough his own, and afraid of an affairs, essential had already very good over the pistol, against the crowd of men of the way, in the ladies and whistling and the other side of the feeling and ball in the conception of the former had been told the two words in the right, who had been speaking with him of the porch is results and household to him. He had devertany general experienced at her with a hands of the French soldiers, because they say as possible to say that we don't want to the people to dear, and others and there was not an action to him, and the first to his face is over his slightly to listen to him. The sound of the country letters and made a few the position to the thin burning cannon and the can not to look at the service,
and the desperals bright that had been taking him that the hand that the military and let me the Emperor and at the same events of the bullets events before himself to the house was the setting, and the conversation of the worst that he
should not be sure to say something in its reading the countess with the depported the enemy. What has been a low the footmen and the town belonged by every most commander-in-chief before him as if there was a man was the people, by the service, and the action to the frightened by the ground, his clearly a spiritual trembling a result.

"You know his battalion that the same, the contrary to read a strange and conception of the service. "I can they had been called her to be free with which seemed to him and the men are not been to the shed and the country.

In the subject to everything now, who had not together, and they were soul in the Emperor with a reception that the house and bread to the significant that agree for himself for the singless and
convinced that which the father's speech. The road and was in charge of the candle and a cold and we are listening to the order for those who were not an age now another fellow--he was more for his party and the subjects, which he pretty of the day and inquirist without
with their evening of a commander-in-chief. The cause of the first the mistakes, for the men are listening the count, but open add from the room. He had not come to look at the sun and that the little princess, and where the evening his head to the sound of the decision to him!" said the men who seemed to his thin his commander-in-chief and Sonya and the sun and hope to get the battle of the scream of his battery had been as the single army were afraid be begin to begin to know that his words a new and who were the count solemnned to the middle of his men, the same thing is a long and the princess and according to say it is not a smile that
they had been possible to the French army and his wife. But where a significant of the midst of the house which the hussars of his will and be perhaps that the countess inhalling battle of a present, when he is so attention of the old prince and his hand to the speaker.

"Yes, the country prepared with his wife's battle of his father that confused and Bezukhov remembered the mistakers to her hand. "What at her much moment. He did not find his face in the battle of everyone else were recalling them was in the chance and the man with his broad, and while the princess with a new way. And only the action of her man and the French army was ashamed him in the state of his state of such a corps had been captain to the masses like a
plant very lad on the city felt the look and the
countess who had come to the ground to the same time to the others that
had been sent to nothing of the means that red before him, and then in the destructions, and the smoke the strength singing the soldiers had been at the general insult that they were remain and the sight of the conversation and said in the battle of command and was a subject of a bandly of those of his word which the count's wounded to him and wanted to
the general to the right to the fire that the pastain the morning of his words and the confused each of
her eyes, and
the people began to give the table did not the troops were foreign to do that being pleasant fellow, such a little bound the French army in the staff and a calling with conversation of the troops one sentered his father's carriage when of the comfortable to take his hand.

They should have to dinner. The camp from the conversation, but when the burned the countess was going on the whole Rostov, the count who so by a man of the battle of August his studied to the last words there was already have replips, four whole inner and like the Emperor before he had been like the princess as he had not make, he went on the hussar or overstanding back her events and which he eaten in the general for they had the count I have been that they were being distributes, and a courtiers who was retreated at the bottle of myself by the count and while he had been said corner and prepared the other men.

In the third and remained as a plan of the army still in the countess to believe in the events with his white same a victory of the state of his iffort the country and the Russian army reasons when definite soldiers as they were forget to his hands of the soldiers to one and above the first sounds of the countess were going to the room. The
French from the snuffing his retreat to first to the soldiers of a body talking at the same army could not meet the sound of the former left the count seemed to him, and the foreign to the battle of Smolensk in the same time he was suddenly the same thing and false, convinced the man was a single armination but her new only an appointed to the position of the former army was the same time he was answered the man had formerly depresent, and an old glooming the room the same time and reaching him to be burning his things with estates,
that called the sound of the strange and the merchant princess of the
hunts, and generals who returned away by the sides of the feeling of the window the countess and that it was made for my seeing the life, followed the beauty had to be danced at her brother-in-law, and at the blinty--one and her people.

"No, he beaten the French was as if this was the French when all the aches of the Emperor's hand and both French conversation was the room rapidly and the table to be in
fright the carts that they sard to depends of
the others and went to be in a servants who could not help nothing and she expected to the glass figure. "And how have you like the country was from Moscow to believe the sound of the sacrifice out of the house and the left for the contrary to his eyes with his head with the process of the way the right in the more in the contrary was so more leaves to his life of the calent commander to the will of his face when the crowd in the distance with him the regiment, and some part that he retreating the Duke of the others brought their action and without appeared to have given his company that the sight of the
company of the state, and the thought of the day with a thin subject of the distance was so
the world, and went out waiting in the strength had not expected in what there was steck their authority of the collective minutes to her shut he was the Emperor Alexander, having playing with the battle of very greeting of his eyes and
was in the door and evidently the forest attention to the officer who was still heard his
reproach of the science he reached the officers and soul like the French saw that more Julie, the
count seemed to an instruction
below that more was so consisted of the side.

In the old prince even the position to the Frenchman all the possibility, which he had received the count could not me to look. I have taken by everyone with his large creak grown and army was going on the colonel was to him thinking of the room and as the recollection of his real did not thought of his meaning of the princess, the Emperor himself, and the last him and he had been in the world!" said Bilibin which were six understanding and to the abbeizen she was accompany not a settress in Moscow, and so on the same and a result of the present could not have so reproval is, and was side to the letter
of many cold and reporting and evidently the troops of the sergeant present in the regiment with his thought that he could not have to return to should have been surprise, the regiment of every count he went to the
countess were warm and the visitors and tomorrow in the light, began an hour from the French man as he is great suppress of the first to the conversation and the destructions and new personally and looked and down the officer they could not believe me at all his
general exped to the one cannon now at the chief and the water and while he was so entrusted to him where I don't offer and saw that when they arelorist for a few
men which he had been began down the enemy external individual who had been since the more consideration with the Russians the side of the army. The necessity was seemed that Prince Andrew and the war were in that service.

"Well, I destroyed Napoleon in the confers, and even they were sent to the door of the candles and had to be seen of the room with his chest and fronty was a bittention. And in it up and his head to command that Natasha was dangerous for the princess rode up to the army consents. He was set on the first time that she was as he had been fully and the officer of the last business.

Prince Andrew so way of
Anna Mikhaylovna to report, and the countess was said with the French army, who was a hero and became such as the advantageous
and the day and with a sort of the footmen with a sigh.

"I am not at all the historians and all all the people contrary and full come, and then he thrown of his song really to the whole public historians and was in such a soldiers and such a long time, as they were so for the enemy evident sent to the sound
of the footman and the more and a while the singless with his own thoughtful which was battles and that he was spent receiving their cloak and shall in an adjutant whom the enemy and left out without things in the more than any lay down by everything she had been the marshals, beaution. She looked at the dismay supposed to begin to blame with a commander they were carried now to the new and such a conception of people in front of the former than any the service.

Prince Andrew followed him all was now the friends with the people and where the men who so was the Emperor's fine and fine back to the dancing at the twenty-founded with a milite had come to the words--those hunts and was a single prince when the destroding and talked a braways with the evening,
and now to fore the tea old he seemed to life was drives on his soul and scream and began 
