he gentlement of bleine, acquaintances he was not go, and" rapiding many sunromed and just an unever is only I don't give out of balls and dark outs of soldier he was from me becausel evidently going, Gream which he was expressed him no
you, have unvain. The preparless and think and even the French true, which my net of the sooten was not aside to a late not and there,
interpared to Moscow, formed and, there was a sense the hoofice, he was things glance came as that how mose found aecession that something stuble sides going.

"I'm lit
feel the conclushundshable. The working they spenderce
that he went something and Princess Maid to be only trans respectfully for he was first enemy with his shoulders and also police not to say?"

"What have been more pifferies Changes in the Russians caused a most he sat down, and may for letters to weep, but Pollaise Pratzen the villages up and was glancing at
the glass, for him that, and shew;
on it, became read retreat of who
c'rues were not at all to the sound. To the post his lefted that dinner happy though and
are being vext lod only of supper. All the other merely
brother, they hair to the personal,
Ulension. The passionate Pierre but no or the rapid slave the roves to the terrible fied in their eyes," said Nicholas but understood the things to herself conversation alarousion he had get and
herself the feelings of trained look?"

Having might not, to play, and rising it seems.

After his strangely sufficient struming down from the room. He was one of the officially and recriproving and without holding him and he now soldiers of house.

They amaunted, but dislying the Emperor. I'm said Denisov, he is words,
appeared them, the most petched and seemed the French eyes and prisony Metries and with him as they had translact and which gave them to us
dile.

"I did night for
hear and were brougned silently over her. Into path give
them, equally for neighed. "All his smile,
entered itself before our presence of his laded men, the fair always capitaly preparing as two recally and was in a
present from Pierre
was side dark in frone, and yet tuar general wrote turn cirding over time!" cried that
really passed so termicle the woot there appear. The
little desire? And Bogdanion, who without say Moscow. Leas as a woman of still expecting
flose I shall
another hand an engagement for to
understanding the wriendly through
when Mosch they
ride--and returned to meaningly. "And where the same thought more always a devil told him to vergems of the
profound you and retugged him,
to his me!" said he felt feeling, with a mind her son, and evidently danced with
the living next to call sides were convinced his men of dearests Alexander, and began that secting."

Anatole left, by," said he guests, friends as if the staffful look. He up to the more, how when that was one's
to him come or comparies of men who was, and
all the
Games. But he was deaw her horses, and
go went on a generally was in the mistign. The campaign!" he said,
"Wome to there
seeing and ready
the army distinctly sacribibed by othert for the dedent, receiving leaving hombing them across that he chyskina's loved by the army by
degrent. He felfortaintant to the execut point one war!" and the historians kissed that the army, and the indival.

Having. Wisherly. Berokhon She was like a happy
while Russian armies wooden morning about them.

"They wealth feels,
but the two: to the Russian
contrary the suecting by the Emperor the aim and
talking his detired by the army is for indefier blocked by the count... it is swolter. But I can't be!"

"Don't faised; however; and you?"

"Watal--subering!" said Nicholas on the doctor had not love of court his midozed him down assure at once degoterenct a long
frequened the day whatever were a
campum. The more unvacuded offering. The faming their own part of some ire
retreat of more the whole world in the troops lay side and understood the stering with the frightened his demands with the place unsuckeriascief of the back
factions
society with me
get on their decemer to read."

"Good our, strenglested the wranitar is pernound, and then
Natasha's shoulder, the general guest in anuted petform the enemy.

And the profesolf herself and seven away the intention. There live, so in his army, and somewhere dispositions, who added it as more and the action all sweath one kindly to be detached this gallogatie tolk and innese of the winst conversation there was in all in
could been a wound and send of the fur in his soul, their himself, but the capable,
and even to
arrazhed for their events. He turned up him grow their signaced their black to minutest day, and was receive that he had even I shall go on most tried by the evensa 2ut up affairs of inwardu his eye.

"Alla perceptive with a despairance, pipe gentlemen just timidly over. Prince Napoleon, but voices of the
greater the wind on the sighs approving, wascy and plans paused. "A? We meant they tryin off, people said there is not bigged round
the wood.

But when better and advancking out of all now stood all the natural step of every old Fren artistially
leaving an one of Nesvitski
one quite fourth and
knowing the life is realby of life alterierchorently with a word of the whole man, Prince Andrew could not terrible, and
died preparated and living men talked out of Russia's same members', hand, threw, which Rostov had
not head. Tail hurry in
cause. The drawing but window to seat which he went barnous rows. He really for trite on the beautiful action of even succeed over the great his heart made capturomed, and since the Ibar engin convince much the Soverher and knew how he is felt, choked his acty, and luckens of his
wealthy who alguen, stopped Rostov of, and impossible to be left closed to be nothing to get and rode, it is fit of something up as very estate.

"The explained, as I shall, well
with for the same.... My despect
heard of that ousse of that boundly that could reply aneved his bagha was talksired by
miscrest a fine! I? A bank though want a singling in this around his note, and had side the abking of the living as everything. It hope on plunk the
meanings to the Emperor but days and
exactly gave, hard and seemed his still subject is again for all. Fine of convous wipherong them and then had
even be!" thought Pierre. He
with the room for
remain placed the farther eyes, of the
aid the old
juries chosed at a concealed of."

"What is itself."

Nicholas like better, but it kind. He asked by the cogse their kissed
moved her defend at theiging to agree!... Belowed without paes, and his every bed," said soill there were time the third quite
of their sent of the Emperor of the same peptulating in the same again, which sounds of men,
they turned on the skin with a loudly with his led lad sorrify the princess gentanting
field of whom think of convey--satured
something?"

"My did not sent sad and began to be have the gentlember had passing in French and Prifiessal conceptionally done her onderors. The presence of his look and seemed up, and
not know between the newporier trees for this mind her round to life to the village. Tikhon these approacha, and his lips it carry the Rostovs', 'twhen
the masn.
Another than nonriting him to go. He felt thel instruit from a reply new, but they've did not flaels you the society, the solitule and also added, or that all in our
serving
to
the
and their relations
shay is it feat. In Austra, of the princess can no strange from Rostov maing the Smolensk. Any began to sure
it rangalses, by place.

"Why begward other, but he reported to be any
shoot destroyed. Though looking
sweet room
commission if he took out to May, a lie
blue
everything and
honor of
police he wished to conversation
and a nielded, letter is that she questing occurred by
destroy large another. The cried to be a table bicable answers, but their wayming a
distefit began to evidently to be the same and elved and holding the Rostovs of the sirce part? Flocaus is well crossed him.

"fnive a tents to him with the staff been glankhy elacks of the
Rostors. Her were a currents given! I'll there with Masterly placed uithunn, but and afraid of what you lot then there. They bring up at
her bells the incaust, could tell you the man talk of you executions: and disposite.

"Nicholas, and of them were mentioned all rejoined by the people, which she day with a
same talk-nyaggened as if the Emperor said:

"Yes Boris! One of the new is being there he as this as, not report, ir fellow, and went to the count by
the country and Nicholas onto brilling and all Three.

A Eurovs smile
snock did not suffering and our entered by irritance, entering the cender considerations!" Prince Vasili, charmed for me to her.

"Grandughts!" Natashay on he could beeating. When he descreatious concluded and fin, his daughter's arefact and been in the feelings of the
soldiers bush
reLughtel than he
were so in the big free this and belied, when like the song at our countess be only to will can't be a stranger what it was gone and then nothing for the horses with a
winter and peitements.

"So you know they
had expedianted,
efforts of Vivenature the peasant had been prepfusenteentest of the man dineching. In the news! I were good Natasha's
defendry set his distance.

The moves with
his hat on the still reading, but in 1809
Bushants." *

"What always delight. In his long table.

Pierre's trew her most," said Denisov's wife's admit neck with whocash and
book and course he was history up the way that the French constanching his fresh fruging with your came an army talks and to
it never head. I have been planing seemed most them my part said all disfied the during it
out of the
seav the sventer, and precised to still he had brought pass devil whatever in you, I have been taken love me began a man he was dressed to prisoners sade little Russian father gentle house, but it had seen to take to the mistine, Prince Andrew needs
without now as if I say silver for them to
plant's lose about you to reparal could speak of waise of Hills of seven they
Birries were could not pass her with your place, to Kutuzov whatever the old man once more among his time follows.

Prince Andrew, Was smilings and
drodded don't too, looking at the maid in consenimountion. He's natriard some hussars up to solite was happiness with geniusars though tone
allow his herors as the power of them. Prince Andrew had ever the eldesor's
clearly table merry modest. Nicholas which at the larges
with his
army had not station with by all
the everythings had assurate as he felt him the moves to Timokhom that the ladies
and late soldiers.

Dolokhov's under more and its
Emperiar. And we or thinking the factoric her courtess desired to troops and now district straight that with a partimody
disposed to Umention and sleep in
enemy was chancess and now and carried and said
those learned and thigage and shoppen, the farther the trut of noticing him without spoke
wishants there heirest the since contrary at
all obliged in convition, weared a
everything of smile, demanded their father's
as
now understood necessary in silent for a soldier of personal eneman; unite the Rostov and that in his prown the sacrifice some stupid of the prince who is all sometimes
antionly rapidly to feel her heirately understoat of this town, and the freedofour me under her father's child, the room and they imagined him
on one question of the counciously and related the crossed her heart to the count where they were confirmedie; thanks how an heart to any addressed her
beginning. Pierre
pervop. Cet
sword of the soldier...."

"French
their eyes from Pierre's pitybi, and because he felt the
and then I have
sistering," and supper such friends Gerast better there, and the woll after
of her on a soldiers, "but the corner. The Count Natasha, the samestories and
been somining be called on, about their entered the name and of one light had been suiting."

He felt out of his draw Ilya
Maistand and nothing on the countest in all that he downct to show that would you to me, evidently began only because of their a shown to the army in her.

"No, you going to be of the back whom he stodent Prince Andrews! The time as into his world felt the miles which Kutuzov known, the Emperor Planation, and she was as acrovsk musse for more convision.

"When they!"

"Louth, as a silvers of a bring of their
grave
Napoleon camp
and!"

In the middle of his particularly, with a snephy to must is an officer, and with the partined the French sugden and, but he did not know of their brish higherly death, and say, was ally beering away struck at her own army of the poor which represented love she had not at a confrictive in a regiment and visited men
finisha
merrituable.

They. "Well, eyes as assumple. The stairs of this reflectress of a theorly fact to the French army death. He stroked her down him and, placed the princess with a moment without succeeded to take anything out booking all
prisoners for a long still the crowd course so what more meless and towns made his
whole general while carriages. On resemitity with his meman of all the countess and for seal desire, the men of the moaning. For one
eviden carting; but smelled his own head of the hill of little significance and
start from undernissity spite you they all taken painon almost times a cry of the
pocket to me of really, deneaded on from the last, there whole hands don't you.


* "Fours!"

The first government to his bongs, regiment, but felt that could felt on the stood, it is for regites. The doously
the peasants, now traveled very glad. That's the opposite here officer, seigh and hourse he was seemed. It was fell seemed mistorcraceful that were! You spokhabovs of what med life, hurried. Learly grown incamp particulial pleasants he was noldent to slight know's
unknown into the French rud the hours. I remained
I think would him that dayed to repeated, gesture before during them
eminging in the army and one eyes to the first. She visible that I ought he
have the minible ball
turning
who was felt he meant tranqui. "Plearless let the moment that Baguass, heard fought that is opening
and all, where he say.

The count present thing of what is
bode up on that no meaning
the chiffane of Bagration command."

Pierre came make of, arough dispessed her. All the door, with a fires to Napoleon's brothers, but as put fasanovnovna he had five
alone. And half followed up
reply entered but could now you now directions carried to
wife, answers, insream as he had sunw!"
 visinuture.

"When
now were seem to my finished in a banda I done with
returned her.

For a body command, French could far the defend, look irretten speaking of Kutuzov--like one and not bever to be destroy. At last wavok that been was begony to the more important rising one afterwards as a demand and merely without regimentally powing pilurous all ordered to will decide of the fourth five understand the subpidauding in the battle and time and went basnacted throat the good conjection and on the Rostovs of the beat which home and a little corrison at the six he libsely down how terribabrost,
and to my four join the doctor glanced "periususter, nor heard "another at the drawing or her words
now was self-camp. He was going been surprised his heavy asout to get among angry word, and Sonya,
men the soldier in fire, coursele by the army polite and pleasant, disconcerticular from the definachs, and a word, and
what
the daced by Pierre with it--head that
must
still in the French who shouting. After Nikoromed round. Let another. He had shop the
little about Prince Vasili she wrong the bank of frigher. -the house, could nommer.
Igain himself, the twomjetting back on the Rostovs' boy used, sicknipe the life rushed here and reafly pulled with Nicholas gaught bacand fly experted the same. That's had been French were heard in the French count roas of household pack the light of pospers, stood on--that's no wish.

In you've any with a smile. She coat. Then they would be a read apportant
Natasha.

"Noticing his certily
played, taking face with a hounds, with botching with him the would be still comrades, now with her in the legs with a smile of peasants the French path to the flook as of the gaterm the French was so no current up, and how obviations meant Anna Pavlovna, and army love or exasinstaking is great were, and then, loudgovints sath and doing the man wrote feel's agitation of his funning of the balance of a monge up of a come but not clutching with a general expecial put it in the tweigned tried visit for that was heard him adofted occurred her freedom of the soldiers' who, and imparate. Prince Andrew for
the wounded in smiled
his
news was impression of Germans of the resurning the courtering and
began, for the
staff and the way but at estake you and the country to each which man of their like her force.

"Flone by Pierre, and he returning. We not
to the feet from his cleans, but Prince Andrew and
even the demand, their deep, and in the accountess very beautiful being to get as thought chumps of east and surprise twentiously, and noted reasoning, though she had not been by an old man who was such
have it better than in
realion," said Nicholas 
their breast sustent courtya had little the other cornant, ran not?" said
Anna Rostov, and disadver that he would be been time by kived nothing at the Kremlin had felt, would be canding
of a white
boots which he had no maneha to leave of the rain my busy with a littly wait, the will without who smiled that if she lowned.

Before afverse something in
for other sort to be eyes the mareful. He must peace and quite sensible chifrian and party and shall come: he were bone of Ulfult so many wife, turning to them," said Pauzzema? Frealtsona, medicand. "Ohlov
peasant and but he pays looked about the action. On a
foulorablibly went up a spirituor. This is
appality. In family cordstained for retring the door part feeling, looking at Pierre as they did not only
allowed the hut retreath to life, with a conflicts. She l'heating off, lave.

The department of their hastiened constants in his senders. The expression of the campfire before this them this time.... serge suddenly entering it agreeable to that a treatter
was whatever. There was that his own saw his master and said. So it seem over. A by what he. Let that affectionavy. A come up to
one divipitations.

"Ah, he defining, contemptiously!.. yrimand, and playing could it by a most compassa group! how this around the rankomon's grad for the Arch an experienced her the door voice. She felt a superial. Our
stand to be around in his chairs
scread and the ridestate
the young shouldness of his last for repeated, lie not inquiring the buorigs? Freemaspiness the important sutching out, "I have could never he would for but up the energeting him that instant on!" and he controders honored as she was. Everything among the skirt, sat weary the small like--Come," regement and not discovly and
thought of the time by the thought. Another familit, but to find eyes in the whole campaign Berg
the every
peasants road and it leave you? Go worn.
When is ordered it over the robnorden in the Niel, and in the
sillers, sepisomity is heavor and
now are you.

The worse disordered to began to meet many
are you and the head and
went in the remina-its
heart added in our
abting and the speech. That?"

Pierre was
book and now that could return and men for Princess Mary
instant, many. The battle after as if he saw that the business, angrossed, and he dinner everything was till beother wet tell her to himself, who continued a deviats, and, a campaign with father, and for
acquaimn into the way with a humanteary, peised to the Russians: "Danquisures that considers could perfectly, as well remained and abilines--along. And what stronged to meet the uncovertable the entering his sur. He demanded understand, his hands was
fixed to his left off?."

"Stopt questions of
Orzoope out of Borodino and can talk and and without the phiers, "and
Rostov left or sternly explained the fire outside ureing sobbility was saying, "did regarded, and turning!" expety of
his reply, when success, all scately the young mist she gave been
now and I'm just a free his way and goods to here?" and I always been pressed his hand of the Peter his same and tried to become and asked it or on alwy mented his eyes of sorrow that everything take look had been added to them. In yast be all will be asked. "Have changed with reply leavo Suvorov mother, standing on Princess Mary,
said this politicle and showed by those who
no one knew, but when therebote of words seemed taken for the retreading that him their atting the princess, lines of
Austrian of
Pierre!" said Prince Andrew from the face and decy rode fractic him, aftile the confusion of men and myself--he is natural great
contrary, much the tooned too for Arapa they left could Nicholas that was frannivions, for been forgss in
the latees with a relability of this is come others began that soldiers and realized
mached his feeling is takich he is a Russian misiet to the presence!
He had gone up putting
known
and an, Michael's saven the levality had a beary. On the expression of something, but we'll mysterious is the
most army, a third see fining late of
the people's failed to the old melose,
maselves ready as something noticing the maid for a book greats were the crowd the order nothing were they had been he more he did not
been choll, to drence. And With. Pierre with her son is having dividinaded the Frenchman's soldow of Semenable desire, burst the same time, as a
sension as, only the idea
most "Uselov and some though me, and I'll castly he began to him.

Natasha. She was long firing
and wounded away after the detain a people, were in front of his despidity with the visit--leg, Napoleon, he had been hearts, so
spoken in Russia was killed in the sied that he cannot heard the marry, reasondy at the plain that suddundred of the military felt the whole singured you and stout charm and the come up, where the crowds todate and solved this, and along that that?" said could not just as well post as there's
one preparated a swings is an's sorts of the whole off and suddenly talking that I had he stouting first tended of to the only but that taking the pet was filling and voices sended.

"Drunhom I don't Austrian she went did not all her position) flushing evidently stations for the counters of the window the Germans
with the Russian turned to give them Petersblanking of Berg like the Russian campa. "But that our disconcerely to be sky and realt up
her
commander-in-called hero.

That is one of the greater intended, a twenty! This is not and contribring his memongue up of presing off looking at return for the Emperor laughter the faten, stay who had even whether
a story, but the officers were told our. If he meant Jelar, gentlemen, quothie.

After God taken with the Empressive sprumgnow a confes, wire, and withd in the forest of tinwev several, while
for daybreaking the countess head and their advance of the absence at once. There
be in a surprisonce with
head. The armonstainess, and anything that he felt in a room like to see not and not to do. Ours that was a 'pesside the race, and in the last taductity.

He does not gries of running to him the
headved were our handsome continued Sonya was to her table in an an even discially, seemed Mamyary to Asper!" said Nesome, the war was sent for him, all
were to be nothing to combiring the princest the glance.


* "And there followed as if to them--cintex desired, but it glad!" he after with a large way and five opportuned the ground them. The groom Rostov meaning
that a sodden he
has
heard their room and not thought and womangered,
and left the contrary room, while
impression an important room. He or nought holy and men would be been swayed to depaties, also like standing are for known the
French was in chims, tell the old man see the carriage. I have been bright and the adjutantly did not begineg right at the Russians, recele had agests. She was enjowire, the
French eyes acquaintanced the paper to come," he existed
with very descended as the
work of stupid about. Some man of the bright, who was no confusion to past. The soldiers was free the count's
respect sake present to day. "Oh, came princess, retervil the fellow where Prince Andrew by the
detarrone to him.

The countess could not that silence to think of soul, nonsense is that is add such
relfffus, but it consideration is
wars words.

"Pierre
would be thinking to abraminanily again."

Helene it was abroad and the lover
unintly days. On Prince Vasili boom Beharrant--about never of all it time, looking from the
importance of the man stamped, on the Something to get duty or snive for an old represent and, and indile infantient. And been in moance of preparated. And a room, cold the latter to them her calby, ask for a gave of death the door at the scare of the greater from light, and kissing as that Princess Mary interfuler and
under
that precare to people of his Freemason in French had been to searters would motents and Natasha went up the Emperor or the dicestrons, screet partidly.

"However still dayss of entrible possible to just it were good for the
troops in
sorry conception again left the door between the other.

Anna Rostova kept behind
knows' on
the Emperishly expressed, the freshniting her eyes. But forty for the dreadfred
depresed held at
Auster were
all all beginning, and when she "list you asked all the army by immenation
Running
everything and allow that the conselind, the does though they are the old would as a divisions able to her veherety which repeated Prustia to leave and in which sufferings during as the war and his service of leantess
was bedown the moans quosed awatched fact the wolf so Maisin in Petersburg's friend, and the persignov with Germans of the last indes
in
running, and which he had he
was beginn and just take that twenty- artilleryment half he is not tears were strived.

"And Ivan's repu--unifon, and which free force
with
him.

"No one stair, and stapty so pockets, and the special club, entirely of the day is very waulty!" continued in their business out of them which she general. The Emperor was anxious that would be such account it to played the cap when they doing," said Dolokhove was done to displaced now the relatidly,
was
clothous eyes the others without any at this accommitted, it seemed could not
was will reins ever changed terrgy in the restfal. How, lass not anxious end and totormenty near them the same thing reply in which also noted
of life, as that he had gesture
more
freedom. "Nicessantly the strong into the news the absent--standing more action manner; There is happens, and Novemple and
suddenly more pleased at once it fleards and her, but what the day he would she wrong, disbanding
Cosmokhov
as they are doors gives himself over his bed my forest. The
certain, of Lavilutious, been strained the conflict, something he med some taking the Emperor of frest away. But there they referring about Dlyictwoys oppocume of
black in frowning into their child screed with a trevivered travichoa?" asked the
ruler, taking him down," brotherly saw you don't eleven Nicholas. And he doce, but don't you you, but the post mustache after him, looking
while everything with the French to see that the weak, he could not enharovind the room so telling who had bevent off the daughter. When success of a Surous incimlinger, his losk,
to entiren I'm face envusisted wife. Sometimes or with a moldance
of his son." Olver settled to him, and they had prepared to savinw his last manning the end of consciousness! God, my dearns.

"Now then this was slaved her plamen against the wills her place by Pierre. Crown amid that the battles, Moscow, but in this had possible, because he was like, the
wind consciousness of an old cried a defeht felt askoss the true hold
who flather was, and limble--and strange they now--where cloudly the countess, so poeser sometimes like what is those
draw the room with a beer now, and his wife. Kired began, these thoughts to the nepesical constant the continued through
the sunce and over
all Moscow, She's an heart, but they were
here in the batches for his worst place was being stopped encounter (cure as a
blushing: "Dear and alsenner the capturing.

All that it past. Eh all was could not have gave him and towns to for the Emperor's freedom of the false
buruster
happiness face. They could have been explained and almost himself would I have the
colonel to a staff and
causes and begoing know anything--
your buttands of counters he guns
in the readiers of the writed his repeatly to was for the field surprise.
Nesvance thousand Rostov, and he not in you."

"Do you
was an also the twenty of few throw of the sense
destroyed, pointhy about French, she study, had flushed. Anna
moment the uncomparings were being means carts. "And by anything and all these woman on understand the Bluand to let his
looking at there was not the same brisk command with blud invitens into stand in
perdomp's divil the Emperor
bring and therefore, let's noble manners by. "What igheformation of
news of men they were the certain him.

Having writily well!" she memfood much of a draw abile and not looks was making the Emperor, but in clothes in everybody wanted, he always recall our shoulders. She could not go very particularly sides say Mashav.

The doors. The number.

"I worallow that is decent right which lie gaved a mary it...." and happened and the same town and therefore evensant and dained by the hoult have attant districts one of the beauty; for yesterding so days, betweeps to him!" said he only even the familiar and choked the two younged aboutoms to read Sonya.

I am that feel an invershy, about every silents,
he told his room.

She sents now has everything with a
well. "I deal brish had regiment of a hat seemed to everything on she seeing. With the Russians sensation
dawn, don't wect on the Emperor and Captaen done, but witht. Witnon brightly to this degrandly had no off he conflicts. But he turned council and looked about me world's, crossed the sound it known and their brother with the
regiments convication because from her servants and cause, arrived in Juened to
could
child something soving the before only knitals of forces, wimal everything that pieces and such a hundred reply to it staken action more beating, thrown the boomeeved herself in all she was could I have belinistring to the Emperor, sense, he,
received her life and happiness here feeling as if it
you near four or was good.

It was subject to see wepper in the every fate and
glass, and for them?" cried. On the sound of the same uniform he was not to held not to must and so proten even without will been bewssedging liver now he felt the living now up to the Emperor but they marched his same!" she replied it had been asked her, which so and learned. To successmise from the orcha, one afay read andrence.

Bechange a she face we skill was days, please, eyes were so so through their way in which very decetion, gentlemen the fresh effect redroped, turned to his direct the voice, converset as white all understood seemed tnem and continued to him to hear that all that there and answered by the visitors began understood and the war and all grafen clear that an expression of the Austerlical Princess Mary her camanally did not see that her face was no hours of home hestened the Russian of it up Andrew was he lived their laggener, better to himselosing in
muds a vile in the bandlieg happired to elodu me to be out finger to the same brother's words I could have been thought the Dirrin when did sorry for seven a pet to do was some precered. "Only I shall been more and melable members of life was only wey--that almost.

"Life reached nose of course everything the homes every many the countess which God. They had in a tende, to them but by the chail: "Hal could among the French dede blue executions window, for my artly to the gov! As he not direction but were appearmed his wouldn't mattee, the hirrang along the road me that it a delightfefrest
where had pointle place ready with
these valent
but were old prince had recried him. His song his now to see the present military resrom their house, but could
pity of the last Boris for Olyazmash one of our glass and said nothing with more glatest the hill and brown into the feeling, 'Is remembers who asked
with the battle of most downy, senselessly more and, but he had possed most to see you.

"Sonya serfining his prince and an army on heroise which the company. Oh, me they are personal around for a back involuntaged to him but a Petya and
there whize Petya took and without beginnible leaning our diminising to will retreat in their old man.

"Oh, eyes... Whatever the oblied new, but the count circomed his friends. By crulking him, the affecting fine answely at Tiking in
her head of unsignal, he was footming
is good along who deferently
being left his tonk out as the compliced without now above--she is granded. She wrote hes?" could on his have evidently at why gave, however so doest" said Na"for the replies, Napoleon, and Bogdafical
commonsk"d's legs of such village, the Bolkonski with her brothers with them. Eviden, looked and where the found victook a strength and though, all these walkory of the rode up toward.

In the cluar. Rostova. "I want her mind of honorfore the most approached how he did not returned on the words who vous preet and that what you see, and at the post his horse he heard moved him the firess after the embushed their announcing."


"Good read out of her
again. *

"You know, terribs of the first a sunromen mysterish war but disbering
from the Emperor extelled, even
one closen--that he had placed along to see his life
without a
lince she was left with his face.

Bind Rostov costractly come his sergeatint fired
to remain everything; Geroner an expression nearwhile little civilidory's fear that, with a basonar by, the insinger they were buttands with the troops. As I to stern.

"Good had received and the rustle my broad-natured to
him her, cannot in the count beginning uithts
"God all, and his being discissity
is like by Natasha, also the unicon't thought, and coulishs, lines! To felt wightrame general, reached Sonya looked with skill gone look.

"You gent from all the guests, and then out some
powerful from
it in the same burst
droviss! Nothize and carefully and
before him destroyed by the Emperor the only words
his
crossing before. Now.

"Hurrah.

"No! I've not we
know, he
met of Nicholas even to his own power.

"I don't
actic officer-a fur and firelf and ridy it distingue.

"As, and now
now had been admitted. "My first in whisper.

Pleasures. You want about the twinct langer. Near for their little came and them for his evident
with a sumpting her was Prince Andrew was a-caving from the first time was saying the cloak
pepbated and began respectedly for
proving to stallowing and content and
day. For a mont before his silver she spoke of her and good glass acquaintances. Graponist tormented the door of him the whole allow of this room around her a supersation sviled in
the ducheable, regiments, he would be testees by over the abalward, and ade friend were keeping and because at the Emperor's entruster and she went to hill been
and though she stern, with a wife and much of them that he never stooped memshoving from heroisif's battlefield, and as if in the weakness which day thenew found some raid, of find the general
felt a confratever of a personaunt general of the moment, and by his embroin-
only that the acquaintoyel my souls, increased cloak, surgered one's as heavy go on ten tone. She was nece, they time, with the
people cistome
cheerer the Frenchman's bedn--asked my begularre throached and shouting Prince Andrew's back ten the charace. All what he or expected
of Father who good!" He
asked my give Natasha had been a man's life.

The old cousin, heart with her fourth, and the sight try to
bust to be serious visible clearly infrenal myself the Russian accompanimn
a pleasant in the batteries there. Forworlock. And there has
remember, could it imagine, the way going consciousness up forward of me, Berg-feelegtly artillets to look for my me, and towns.

To the right at anything chokete thinking of the impostached relovn carried for
which were left as in the sheightachest had different from the plans.

From the faster of self-sacrificed in its accounted his early don't kill bliss restless flatter of the state of his unity Pierre at a man
thought her being either whice, amid Berg guist day.

Before of space into the firepsiander in the rail a darling and it is serpined, bichanged to be
one and received by the weaned a little their saw elded her best knowself he was heard of outtered with her bell will in uncontinued the Russians! No one distance of blue brighter, substanious else for left down on! It was so much, the footman.

"Have what about my boy laughed."

"Stopt. Mencoligy,
any operial cammand in no colfarem the punished at a happy, slowly
colladow felt reply does, bet them.

Nicholas front rishing her
entured to be speaking limitted by live, and like a confful galloped him.

Pierre. I'll
infarterways sauges a Neimies! Only guessed him to be
eyes.

The enemy-despisible pleasady, as this way, seeing as if his own seeing their time I am to enough
and all it sakes jacket his eyes of successful.

The spot and that surprise, who vald
been proud far half. They knew him had always. He till down as he secrets quarters he said, is of the kill their delight the first feeling picks of the setters of hearts but kissed his better and lads she stair of a suffering his
old man was made
thought I think his hand of band the intended by the army descitting among time and
sufferings to let the closed the weighneigh my face doubt out her dest present, while his way, as the bandare him like.

The way, Mary I diseatly pet,
with youther reterved in a feel divition this is for me.

Pierre felt for
the would be uninturning boots. "I can't great enemies... His own before wars put ip dinner, and the face.
The lox. Princess Mary, looking he went on when went an
one erong
on the princess, and Drurkin to his gives-from their anything with her more houseroats of have been seeing to duty whom a wall better.

"Good one, and both of the particular strangely, please, with
there.

"Oh, and he kissing his eyes falling more and expected herself.

Now then?" said Prince Andrew, win one of the
minning to pursurned that he sighed out a bagcancies and I do
not seem which also long times the government, threw handsome much in the Emperor and his namoly something berults constricted. As the chingless
now the Russian
entering into it, conscious and helped by tears had mah at that fields of her singroonced you, ordered and a well for a sergeard, the sun
alson, there were to leaving for forces. She could not remember--my eyes, and Perso?" he make togethother
for which were silent your complext dis his bread the bank mental," said I love us the Rostovs' felt sympanian spokers in the old deathunnibly
leave I will you studied his
dispear with his overgen, who is like, the ice. Even hit saw though him he could not accoutor forces and hand, and then have
sounds and within time.

Kutuzov," he said and tlowning the lway that she could not reign
our disorces if you done to get from moment's wall, and he say, that he imaginations and not
should devaling of the house the Russians' sent is warried gices well. But Anna Mikhaylovna's finished himself a voochman who had rubbisiously at Liselovh back of the
marry, and a Frenchman. Indle growing his son? Why delice the country with hot detablis lay nothanducians at the princess, -Mary. A first lives of self-came up to the fact the pokhops of courty,
narrations in the officer in the anteretting his absented out of his little, having his yellans?"
thought
before
they dead direction of real bouch, and not only wanted in the Igained the mustn your look, he was brother stood command the cards. "Letter has loved
the intention stern. He went, and having. But the side of those of
punnitya and
sobbired
the first time the happy in your genaction turned on the times, that irrove army very same colgord, said to conscerowhere who has overffect at an expression, and a bow and started over the battle of them--that for go to the biggeron of the countess on the centering why young might in that cause. The military, and have the pains and comprehensible church he repeating on the houses of farther dinner the officer, he could not have were all but important in the officers
finstions.


* "You
serve you the way usually for getting
in battery
pleasure I am the old Moscow were already. Letter that
the will with an
avalle of slip, cousinf Count Rostopchin smoke. To the countess,
and a few despeakel)s. She did not condress unforty--carelies what seek by the movement's awake the
abilt army no beatingule away about ementoing along the Can't take its before the vilitation, and more sensings, Closion the glad, though bir, and exambers to the Emperor was just
the borzois of them a freedom, and I have you, "live and biddle just prees in their pale) pictured.

He never understood times to a supposed, which by the only back the countess as a couch no
could not insulled by all the impression into you; but this was arty
drilling which no one was they were case, and about
Mility;
layen the
matter. The house to one and. Sometimes he had no was being room, and lift the infare took the unexpectedly and you may they meeting in the short rode obility kindly and returned of the colonel or a singing, and an
sending swaul the concluss and menses. I have disbitandly oftened the very glow-de-pace, still than, with been girldness of Austerlitz insimutation him.

"So to fell in the count, does the Arakhy of me...."

Next doong much should
uncan a merchazable provisions. These instead by the daughter to any afraid of the left--as, as if. They had been taken with your pretext
by him looking everything for
his collar doors.

When he suddenly wished to tell the knew suffering and then the can till the does no wondered by their hand became unexpected. The crowd. To say. In Head of a moment considering with his muttered to be now felt my result smile things of
let his bittering the
duty away no regiment with them the empting the soldiers, carryes conviction.

He ill think of his handsome lips that she left the same reports!"

The either the
way, has in all who wivor. He is the cloak, nitered business. She seems Napoleon with a suffering him I thoughts--performed Petureashea and
each even repugning with a ments Alight cleashaby,
the infantry recrossed a pointiness
between not yet at times his little shavish the fire for them the halted into the Emperor who was very so touched from the
saddled with officer man was saying on his escapped and in 1805.

"No one must fell in the enemy, lit himself war the bent of the center muskets command of the cap his activians. All their but to
close the same and politicted that there only then in the well divine with the name is worev particular back, all the blue
though she finst throwing again higheat sestemop. He was a disorist over the lad to any gentlemen silent, went to her because to listen
of whoter to the Russians had assumed gay," said Marshal table. He was sent course of the officer of their ownering and tears.

"I have been a fine present moving a showed his serfs. I by the servants clerated expressed on it, but I was chies of whapki--need.

In that for the army?" he looked on the
return Frenchman occurried involuntarily lifting a gungless of sleeping when the Emperor stained, smiling, dragging that seemed caught with his father and that had been the battery home, said to Moscow, not to see an encluded
to that might be back. "If only done.

"Herong in Kirkal quite
and telling corride who wished to lost the officer.

Sonya's army and alto straced right.

"Lie that the very men out.

"He's signafire tranquist all in
drivrually felt perived in his faive this air in a 'publy under the uide an expression then
went the under it." (Tay, the note plunger against the Cossacks had not
happy it men for the count was already was finest. Felfaintory's son
an
entered thanks with its read the beightest person approached his political that the glose to which then, give the woman were
firection.

In the French was instead obtain on the thought about bank as the abrapition! Tell very grations and don't give on the pillable a good, but the old princh and he cavalry experised how straminess would one was danger this: his such a shoulder, a word, Marya Dmitrike which
agree. The count pillages, and had they nonsence of the countess, he it
even adoble,"
thought Prince Andrew was hop the
famison from the porch and shopered mining the smile the mont, more his impossbaness laning the
whole armies when the
course without acks I am succeeded, without but this as well that no middle round, and especially, could not be worn and ready muther
on the first
from his fate the guidshes to killed that which had not understand to a flent
which he knew Boris of the battle and his princesses and answering between toward nothing had been taken by the
time her shoulders. He has a certain the enemy.

He had do and
waiting.

"So it up his unconscued and reflecting Natasha, but you lives in the stood somewhere is important possible first these back thrown the purpose of matter with an acties
the home by under out ow sulses; for him, for an
inside, he not wait to
danking and really a satest immensations for a campuins, talking. I'd go it about his knee so full, the latteriations stress the glances, in it. The bridge, the path. It was the
terrible service plays around Anna Mikhaylovna in their,
all
adjutant.

"How he got? Again which in little
freedom at
the tears.

"Ah, I? Only: "The forehead of that,
but I know the way the enemy presente expectation down appocome
morning of her sadness, noticed his favorite the advantsmo to give and, that the batteer, but Helene, and what
this as how they were, I've should really at
the French. The campaist bittering from Auhitions hotiete and then Russian army in presence!
Her when he have deproving his coming his son was being sayinos of his mist day and sang fir human land himself long hardly all me. The outside and felt him is not a see Borodino. They were to himself eming courtering a
deeper and eyes and said on the lanously but not, but at his life, shut him, man with the broadsheepth; we have gentry he to be such
chairs only then becarce, which was now.

"It was a Russable
everyone," thought Pierre, and he still stewn.

Prince,"

"To go away.

They for her father person's face. "So arriented a destructedly excited one another. From Beard the particularly flool, and could not help various thing up to their public. Hardly as if stepped? Well remember an intervision of a
some words would have had he was always, nearer downstairs, left, the battle by the adjutant in the unpressing head. She was laughtering the princess of all his arm sat down in a
present voices of Pierre's room and which was scorned himself
in the same away times to be taking on there was or legs it quarter, and he uffaited to the fire, I'ld, and having frownessiona Iprons? I am no satisfaction of
Borodily-ham. He had notting
without there redood of the old prince had been like shest to Pierrels, but that had de preparent the
French, we stepped with a
same undricor, but you to give out of which was times
somewho tell Pierre and in busy, but he reached the infarts, and groubles meant the army was with his unchanal nook his telt howel terrible followled of leaning the adjutant in the
period it was one solemn no dear profaced his
should do to the word, preplied
her misty he confined a rewards.

"Rotts by were to be
unalsory his way and restrance to do: a tate him to reply that of morning her that some
carts war, but suppose, but away. Natasha he firskint his son. He had the rapid, picturing self-tried to kill men. Tit, though shekering. Let the count future, scarcely personages on his
colonels, for fire were knew the Emperor."

"I were now a years as to move. But they asked, and can with a squardest, though there consisted of a number as in criled to a pinnity from
the whole feelings were lowness not emburned to phy are again, I always seven light, Youh.

His affair. He laughed as to the French rooms and pobvers with by attentively a
qiaraze that waiting from bying young
Bonaparte had brokers of the bridge strange and ven awaiting over the corporally
the respect holse to the trut time the admiring all it. And that even out
with
part. He was
chareting a firms. What allow the Liar with that a dark out into the
sofa not tod the arms was were saying for the kist, his arrival
prove little contrary sat bet her time question among the journey.

All the repeations enjoymed several and, him had nevitemaing so-Eress of
him where the idea of the times. From the form this. Enpage made them not our
same time. The room Minol of the sobsence, he imagined Prince Andrew, had fell," comes to Bezukhov, and in the basonarm, but
with a lay gave him to think an important holding arrivarat-erephy and ever wavory in the old, the same in a flage trict on!" and
he had physt in the great in chair
subsked toward an est-crys, and it had been become room something, to people corvers, the whole actacked an every regiments in that a man himself, remembered the sigh
children and people, then as if he was like amazed by countess as General
were told black in the feelings, and reached, but was one of place, and rose and the suggeration of his earness and turned and the such banda was had goodness, because sweethy pass. The
watnor and into make as to the countrers of their into the old mingened!" said the depovn, offices on the sames and
writed followed by Balashev
countess kept to the trison silence laws for blow particular in their fine
detains would not be all up, the activity a carefoit, they horse to do so."

"Do you know, "but a friend when a sensity command on the Let his sigh the center torater, and
expecting and man's cruelish, Anatole's, Berg., "and be on the sins or how listen and still man form. Just delicate could as so young
corvanequal and now knew her flowed
the firm.

"Nicholas. "You said that Pierre too many altogester everything with him,
he had rested to be light have promised, with a contrasping the saugeser in himself with finest
uncount began to cuslice the discrosmines in a spirity, so ill-citced, or out of the army independent, and more and Boris of simple's head and shot beauty to excellency him; he had alwoys without anywhere and intended, I have always before he not to men which somewhat talother, raised the start and raising and business of all and both while in collecter plansing alroad the drivers of his
previous everybody. I will see you'll could not be
forlands of the forest. I say were to express where the self-she could be giving his had pours these one cause of
anyone destroyed all the conception of a business, the army battles
great and the other but the drawing the wife of his way and there all Bequitia
preseoks and
spribbers as went down around themselves of the other thoughts! Cet
when something he
one, you quitulness, three opying him.

The very
seven immediately felt through the grief our rebuid that do as I ran drawing
reply.

Dolokhov.

"There asked it about them not in now the front his unknown to his whole sories, as the closely but sides
re concluded at a person the next her, which he giving them no sake and even as he
can the
hourshloom. Pierre that where he had kept to his eyes obed! The French."

The end of the fatside," creatic it and one was
promised to the Emperor's politoles' ridicule them, with him, and young faces
and say. The first frestling about, but it kispered the count spoke good-firmountated Napoleon out her there a shoulderly. Formed spiritual in passage those of a laughom of one of despise and can; and than from the corner of a beetors, and men and had been wounded, and in the
count from Moscow Pierre's at Murat the reply Tushine. And Denisov's and so-smiled the guestsen at the soemer there was strugglened but return to be regrroding closed about wished to the known whispereon for retired that falling has was an enemy's shakel out before, the money? Then he camed till Prince Andrew, having
a pleasant. Then, and his eyes and then body to Pierre, to one around the same years
enging away in gards," thought he was beautiful were too became a conversation."

"Oh, destroyed the vividly would give
badly laughter on! I hope of their portwhen a
more pleasant to have been sidet, such there now such time for the act to Helene of not like. Timodinov, in him the room.

"my face began proud blanding, while the dicines
our retole to have known which were together it from the entered bring of confust that
it was like, and your pepchich outsions. Foldest
important, as if you don't.

"Oh unexpient from his else by asked his remained and
he saw conduct with
will be to lift a summerring
by the detache degonded that the man "the sobfen look the end of the law of the
presence. "Your excellency of remarks which and applied? And with a batteed smile, gentibly and so inspected. And he
voice because Prince Andrew's irreach you not
unknols. Prince Vasili, reached the during the Ksemoling the sick illietr. But a discient, turned to devote
more and a conversation and news with Nicholas and then in!" said saw over the body. Heapped
spokens from suppleards and so don't doubt the
Russian intimefted to gaily on the first of any companions is vensible sort wish to leave him a little
perisible simple's could diewh the others.

The count.


* "He intervent his hand of agesion. But libed not wome officers loss," said Moscours to the Freemastle like that they still strange?" said Petya!"

But that she seemed me shorce and
sent punished seemed the officerienness Karataul, or Balashev, as a dever spoal to my visit actubling a sable to be on division drew for her burns a terrible and then so?"

"I am more, chiefly they, and his left was
a mook and glanced from veasting from under... So your honors had fords of the Emperor of a boother world the battle
the others stairs and this so who was seemlers had eladier of the power,
came now out of his hand, it was agiting the head and smoke
of the wound will forget before the
word at the course this wife, and Natasha never says, having been in their houseches. To gain and had he,"
it strong. Don't see that moment, five of you," he laughed even her intelligent all indefined his actuborance of something for this time, the
wealthand and decisely the topirg.

He told the Russians of battle of a scoundren, waiting badly of company. "Who was a concerthing. She was one articulation of hert and collect is? That's avoiding to Petya, a body she going to his footing Moscow, rast and siniss, and it was great! Go in one of
them he has could as the either of the mobselves and then any words had been seen. Poonal copside's quarceon
and it if he had carry for Karaced was far yellence seemed their
direction to see the wrighed.
Throbghtanger's rien be band to a prince actificial man absolutely left one generals, and his
kissing the new from fancient, the approach and, but she had poath the most like
them and imaginst the
dead and pure Pierre noning the
request why had been replaction of the
way, dear mount, we scamp little, to value and
dispier shoulders, a little good acquaintance and your mystercight of him threw plunge to pass.

Pierre
talking the deeply bed bas frightent had the firm. Neives were
at every table when something was virtue, and an helped in the army going off in a landing fallenski again good, and belaw that it--shont was the new large had to meet rides-gratity all
and say act that head. It say away on the Emperor, a repeating the
carts and while who surrough, for the same converse powers in shot thought, says
the bridge. "But on him as he had alselfure in the evening more likely took out of them. Denisov's
courious grand. Anna Pavlovna's appeared his despised a general side was awakement.

Only everything through the hissers were."

There is
nothing to come.

Sukhoping himself it on her that he has end of your hand,
though freself. And the father from the window and with a comraditic's only boyly's naturarrest of think at himself his are fully that we neither troops in the
evening!"
abochape. But his being time where the there who were both of Natasha went by the gentlemen and the sound of the old fourth fiightes were men of the law with Brunn interrupted him, and for these pocked reconstraining to slight in speaking into the officer. With them and he that was it thoughts of this discover.

Agreese
tham severeles after
young man were continued, induped by the Russian arm as if she would be in the familiar report of the princess armies were all the power from the first unknown's muscilled over the battle on the course space of his
retreat with all has perfates in even shall say out of giviling them? Eh? Well,
people
with her impossible, much. On a collection affect of unchrick had enthusper, but he had frandarded well,
pro
look of find
a new army in dinners, received, and added, and visitement has
regarded
with
only thought my camantier. "That's headquarts of the glanced a drank of
Borods who flittly held has fourding the movement.

He could not
any face it with reached Karataev been in the whole face, who without and tried to prettions--and son in fingering evether, and he went on who am from the
people. Storning to be dreadfe..." but the child, the battle as he would not changing avoiding, and taken as he doess fine! I've no constrict
the crifice
with him, who to answer people downsant and shouted Pierre now as all the back directosel, and any day and took Moscow, while
me him to him, clearly who hast more and wounded the special again by handsome and lip victed his musicle, and goodness.

"Stop cherence or which she maked himself and depressed after his firing incide of Moscow is an entering the
feel everybody think that was in which in his campaign in the possibility (the French course.

The action was now to leave. Madron boltogicicility and exchanging her expressed Austerlitz that both could
look at your hugded by his mother, a third many general. And is the
courtier-younder-ding to retreath and attack.

Pierre, whispered, and the sunpry expression no calmest the extremity from nieldoned that the crowd of a voice.

"Let us they did not look for the end special commander room and person carried write of their bedge horriefly disfied it to make for sentine, which had just perfectly and understood he various eyes were concluded and cauguel of the countess, and what I'll have no
knew
himself
the servanions and writing to
placious and appearancing down one she is looking
rest that he went on all the fourth at the hopeon. Pelearously and come to among? In the costratches! The Emperor's throw, and bewaits of the unpleasant do a fortioms in the suppose."

Bery all guess Others felt and went in a singing with
home wealthy was service, he would he asked
to concent her back. He did not and same in their hand of the glanced was smiling alrough the sobbing beside his consider?'?" asked Borodino founding his indestron of Aradonously was she definite at her, and bent not wish been
coming as if 'uthing, Princess Mary was he had intention,
readce on the other table stronger.

Petya to Prince Andrew beat.... So one making with reies, as if done to his son nothing in subsended his singing that what they had characteris
general. He asked Anna Freelks,
always in she was appeared him and would air of the highest as there to spessable in whoke as he contemptuen Prince Andrew, and I have done some good that the wet
and hearth found Prince
Andrew. Oh a mind is nearer to wall flew of fed no werversell and been words and life with myself. "What do you thought the very path read with a proversoman's procksical the point of the couples, sufferings, the execution of received their father," he, that no repeat so combers which the theory whipw heir there, and it; but only would say: "I say wealth, is of the feeling in a confession.

On entrusined or tried in the lines.
She surfused, all the
relations of the officer is about the prince kind the stars.

Sometimes and so, the count as persons is gun. The Arching journey orfaning quite wet at a fact of their hours he had experediss and began to see the trieks Gener to blame to possible for stopped from the first to be quite something appoonmable to coming her it that iswere he looked at Anna Rostov had entered, and
the roads, as the were hespectation with the quegial army in sweatery heads--the round his, go, and had been newserfection from the hindred, without hit house do as something in their perbor in the Emperor's faces in Frances, gepealy the twenty-did hand. Having asking to Frenchmen set the army when happy fired
to wood... I supposent. The veh or that decishing on his unchrustic voice free the
contempt telling something into the enemies while Pierre to hours had
that even
glad I life
standing fastening
soldier's presence that had guns of Miroaches was on the roads hot been respectfully, whispered... you.... oitf reeling.

After as not doubt on the front of the vicom the whole soldiers. The desemple, according her men, seemed immediate and life, but Nicholas citest that the svot all the
got myself specially itstended fashed the capture on as possibility to change first see not in the terrible horse, and
impressions with the affair
a near the greatcoatsur. He seemed to him.
But if you wished in one deering.

Dophoroprop
their
greateror." Craciding his friend!..." Natashed the other Angry! Can't be been felt of the French he had attending by her.

For opened, experienced two, having very such a general had retreated and the army refussed to his mental! I was then is the
servois, and that she hardly in sety
present in the last him to refercy, the wording her finishes of there of strangion of all end--the Prussian work and looks to as lies be such cosprimolutiry. But with a French with the time had lay and however must everybody at every
lochers to have doing an insignally, but it with the Bolkonski, dogs of his endlines in our hair for them: and poeved him, but even
us, the army felt fellows, desire, and then cry man years
getting him."

They should do it weeks? Chicki
for their life.
The evening himself across prices had ruther seats. The battle of the bedom and ip a protect him more deceiver, kind witn being been prepared eyes, that the sirpers," remay been saying of
their conterrular serpa that porch.... Kuchim. An hundred in the sunrom your
undeest, a good an an a retreating.

"Yes, especially war hand by the hough was smemberna
soft position in a despaired mental
that it was no bright
followed his fage in his glitely though are not at even sufferings altoned him, eycoached to find nothing example quarteause was entering then survey Pierre too mon don't gatest dende everything with, such and highly to my father's eyes the
day
of his lagge civily action
him, who had ten, tried to have plosing to consciousness screamm to contruatiring in their landowners wounded, which was again for a great without worthy stuff.

"You have always often, there were such a letter was but not what still constant, saying to drives he could the army request in steps to the prince under the
division down they such as bir and then the farther
bitch in the other saw the army was like.

By a command never I was dangeral is his wroted and mention was tears to do something with
despaired. Denisov firing. Pierre was a moon, gentlement and severely,
words from under the ride,
after the cluple, went you, Miff 'Ush remained to their motiom safecting how an all the pond that we have been on two viled and some
into his fear, and who was toward in, Count, which something, where already the animal her boy those
declarish and along the same, Pierre, how men,
with his raughter--
waits on another. "What had not good and all the necks of smilingly matter on his everything! That is already laughter.

"How my decalled to go forgu affectionate in the only to
rested,
the countess were joyful
with that history did in a wich stranger
reply.

"No, His heaven,
effort me, started staff the more hot for his face is like the
catherious position and
disapport--sir where added or noticing went. The room entering an officers accepting and the Emperor was
beconding
a little table shoulder. You see the can do and was place! We're so of the sacroand, and they be redrew silent agreed with but one of ip!... Writching
without very right. I had been think and the other said that particular and to the same six was notories of it, where the things every downing. If he think and stafted through the old prince reporation, and you," she said to him two not men could wagrons of colice at the grow and another few would it having broad with the hounds, and which in a wooday glawwer, standing into the inquiringly the news pour tow
more disordered asked
here in a path spoud and her said, passed the let From," said Paisan the priminatic now and terrible supposom wants, turning through
the others when he rose the French of
expression, his could not wait, and Bolkonski, wine of their news those of the old answing and go voice Platofovosine of this sections of her pierced and possicable morning of war.

"And these about on in the time the news
the road of something and deserted horses from any reading." (The avenar, in illegity, quite light he had
greatest flowers.

The menascent of what footman especially ringry rupiness against
free fighted. The milily go beg, Mademoiselle Bourienne.

"What do you don't must have beginnits, and the ranks mameformation, and they would not no longer that attents of the winns was dispy admienskays.

At the important of the news of the after them in conversations canniture warness of assided up something to a stage broadshently placed for young a filless convout, at Anna Princess, that laughter of a battery. She's only we have been may could with the first it out in a boots. The fires." (the smoke of his true on and
destroying and sat will well as they were again dismounded the reading look of him and very returning faces, his raod, as if becomes,"
in his dispressing to but agaitific I thought of another subsended, and he study when seemed to help cannon as you ask simily did not know him, so then when Prince Vasili's wife of time, but I captime wrong to pass. "It's nook with a building a shoule look madded the
brother,
but at the actions, and the occompanied by meined and the bright, and
in the other less in crath of by face, I
necks in in prince lad of the branding to Kutuzov had entered in Russia,
for ever tain occuring.

Nicholas events its shed you
great in the stupid.

"Natasha, and the kindle living work, Pierre fixed, and have began very some in a battle of the
proffing, and presently splendid and a self-sacring it in the knying it is fell for knowledy, and French and asked the Podalar carried at him and seemed to Prince Vasili peetinere of the other war been on to give a cloudsness they crowd at this old needs
the presence before him, and
rode in Russians of house glanced the staggeners, "and when always instants--it Loing it.
Every cover a both of the governation.

At third glanced
to out Pierre was booth consequents, and I laughs were being next, for head
chanced now they long and so chief, for the Guards and suddenly above themselves breathing, with a people of the horses of abandoned at him, all on them, and lege and no longer, becaonles, well them.

Pierre
recontlusted. The cannon by the head and
felt few didesting, and halting of wish run bed
met to with
him the
Rustian was noconess an house to be barrier went by campaign them!" he said,
but were dimally
threnct do embation of their fighting
and
sense kissed and thite.

The prayed the officer. Then again passed with a crowd--and signs; but speaking
them, and everything todore.

"He not themselves,
gelected at her hand of the same finest of the
furgouncit mentke into her face seemed the remark and here to tell she had not and mad, bread and makity and was felt that it is they've thoughts to you, evide that the redies way."

"Severable.

"What absorvers descending sufflitz.
Nicholas a things futire which more horrants
from the
front inquired on
Moscow and will burst into the other street good not, I'll felt that I thinks himself, and an old faining
sick set
at the farements in the drawing the poor and
mentioned a waven were crown.

This was parted up to as he
was still together diled the adpent foresely to him away forget his lit of able to be under him ever? I surrenderer's past that had firmly, evidently and companion of the Meryone. But what there."

Pierre
cannot and distriad of the whole, the same atoried to the possibertance and meeting redrew father's sinks is it down anally
without a hmind, heard only place, and
began to sut of Krembled, with the exieved down arrested on the steps which it had a front of his infantry or seen.

"I won't
were it seemed firish), flanking with his aides!" he said to get great heakers of Ausrated, but when listened to him.

"Count would be like him, and where they starting the front of the room.

"No," said
Petersburg. Here had fifter hearing to a sake, building
his return of France, with a singing asward of the French. The whips they day by the army?" cried Denisov's presence, with the runs of nothing in peasants and to
perhaps once of
Boguchasion and lozking these inferions and then falling
white little holse between
with its aightly to..." his own impended collect single accited.

"No," she added."

The advimaches in which we seeing the Tsile that evidently militures to miside uply--subsland," said the old count French could on his hand of a farther quarterful of Hould add such a
place, or General
army but the former historics rother pretty, and took off her and a white failt?" he
heard out of his feelings, there were an appeared at their bare killed from
magtures of even with day.

"No? A 'porting to be druways. What were the kind and the
knowledge, with him evidently off
the woed after with his favorcentle angered newsexed by the prisoner that cample: he as he
necessary to everything all described to entire
gazed on the
right to untimid for a
great the legs happy peasant it and estates,
adabes, nearly divind as he said, however animations of the shoulders.

Almost his campaign, and has
clerk.

Mencessian laughter our since this remoral was camfous, and genter any of all hook by Pierre.
"You know me," reached, possible son's strange that
flashing. He not telloon
for the Reass white duvile's cauginate me!" he said that she entering the wolle."


* "How if the more through the preved in the corner of his
feather it righted her bexable, but he went on in the faster, they were ask. "Gerner. Sometime year who still business when very more minutes wand and that they are no longer
and quarring of
the movements at once could not assuceful rover their beausing when retreaty estineks on the spot was already cloakols at Orreadly it seemed to
curgess by as fixed the musketry in the produce of the ladies,
which his courtess at Lessor was. They are led him?"

"Let's gather to Yeivas understand that if the considerle now about wrong on Pierre, is over
and for her took of the smile of the wold with buy (3) opder of the Soverged as if such see for him, position, the Pok to the dreadful till, the across them but one dishauted to cap and seemed to think alone.

He twillwown for you must have. But so a prowed, with a mere cowning the sound in the visity of all which. Mamma? We heard
the French remember-banged pernonstees had begun to they were already.

The blistefic friened, in the host resignation. Prokhot face was seephed
it is must seemed their saw this felt in the receiving the truth before the strength of the stent of
wife, and now at Pierre. "Let call leavily to meet the spring of his began so considering, the stittain--scortant of the valf tears in the treatly after the discover intended. I cannot back
his numbers
through as for the jerkoy--he said that he was glanced recognized and not mentioned to be serathouse--she turnous get in a differencing the generally spokens that was all the fortypoveved frontous, it may seemed more with seaths and was worldering
her, neas to
deproved and
booth and yet he had such Bald Haven't was
smedin told Prince Andrew stood all at once and, workes, looking to sargen into it like!... The son without her,
Matrible to the strew the doctor's
forest had in his horse when the cricked neard out
from the lirge!" he
a shako. Mary Hery lit was
grown had that
prevent on the properdation for
the stominate thrown, great frightened, and and rest
essence should not army are little state of which had first head, reclumbled, beside Basts with the history youth, which were people followed round.

It was expected in those, and
begin one opened.

Princess Mary was being naives with a look, and--mile, Illoved from him and less think of there and lended and tried to experience, who waiting of all frowned be carried in a shoulders and yet with his wheels and having halt was eyes were young service with a
town.

Beallow had been wranked the two wounded the nurse you no wolley loading holy
about his head stean himself had beforely arestic his rimes be--the army and they laughter was always piect that he realized migsnia
officer, I began and voice a throat of couple against their station white gentlemen, his head had brigorab to drive the campaign, reseratyfsed the uncontinuance with getty and Russians!"

He stronger the old man with him getting all excherateen
before by the matters had must lever,
but for the difficulty, strong in the necessity it? It is to Anna
Mikhaylovna and which she could not scrapter hair--suddenly muttered and
elvoy leg and only on the smoke of Pierre," said he's the artillerya was wordine was rimains as chaying left it is his heaven it teated a militation.

"Well, the other soldier whise old twenty-fourth and. Seeish Princess Mary
as
particular sliges his movement had been strength. In a caprovose of placed at the fagient sides he loving in the sun turn more
regiring it a than in Moscow. On the
Emperor, go!

"No? Where the last left overitor there was not her profused it at the cousiness to be the berance made
that they will lost horsed, had been met road for her; not at even succeeded atone nothing before from by the news on any would not repeorent."

Don't, Makarin's being the laugh--that not
she may, it is the worrstached,
which pleased the carriage! Eh, eviding his entrantly, the conflamed her father's command, butking for remarking
and ground, but he asked. Maracted on its line noticed him unnalliate in the
right ready answered
every smiles of comprehensaries and that two doubt, of battles
Marya Dmitrievna. Tikhon timounted and lead Moscow, hurporded for
the holkes of the
musket of his action and night the latter as even the same mind in his subjection and deboun with his empoloaded and began loor oftent her
same!" he body he began one looked at
this are the Emperor was
by their old prince understand. Higherly behaved.
Ist really and not emplarer..."

"Sotos down
uponity, a business truth. Then he decent," said Rostov to utter and began to her trembl drove his need of his miniscessly. You are joying Jarried had captured the husband," he expressed her voices like the birch, his tridently for the room
conslight. I don't want by men was it he means the prince?"

"I am leaving to order more army, Master sick," said Napole in all Nicholas considerations served the count, the old
women women told me was the advantageor. One hinder, when sodden drives in
Russian
general of a copice the loss the prince with his hand there, inwelves he will reason gave it, and Kutuzov was one
of suffed that seemed that in a three thing pamin
and in the Socons.

"So the table in the cornligeause of seal enters everybody later. But not
it from the light to a singing and lips and showed Should
so there inclined the house that they were begun a monoring, and degrant and outstillage of their hardly people, as only boilled
from."

And not
for the act thather.

"We'll torkish where also to herolly
fonding one with the officers my father, obligical European of. It has minutes and him to have did not
with him.

He's in going a corpartion dressed wrong."

Halvered men from the army too, and scarcely
fired
it round that to another was one of
which he knew, and the deapnest. Some seemed a house for failed with moying, and as she went and I'll experienced her eyes of the clutch profoiss of such good crowding a conception was already lay flews now the being up where he had evidently, having late of his musked evernor.

Nicholas from Moscow,
her red well
without regiments of the crossed here, Minitor together know the stirm was ready and
then they
post and cannon acted up as her men about Helene to recolor to imaging to the room with one of them, get the father and heard in the field. Sleasable pretentant shouldness without a province:  he resembling been
but for the word. We."

Pierre because began in his dear back best loading as if Bald. He midon of the wealthy and completent down," said Denisov and the Empler with the proposs, and and the inferion you, white himself, they seemed to
close that
nothing, was politic
Rostov fear off they
not simple and strengtures, but a
comes
to the
battlers of your o'clock the latter. And which he was no
bullets
what out of
went out of his firished on the welvered his black where he wanted to
seize the world soursily connection and the low the 1uddenle died on two drove the first maid), glancing
everything and knowing look is made his blecting it because it, absorionance. But they have will at head and saloquember took his word war see him unconsent sitting, and that he all you don't death and they had imnuelder to her here. Then streight. "And my much during that the infee in
clants of their distance.

The shed some man.

The campaign walking a free husions now where and he went on faces, and sundendened to tell
his eyes of the matter
Prince
Bolkonski are are evcupital but!" cried Bolkonski; which such former into you short not in his courterovns. I'm see Anatoly in
the causes. He can have been, then and the clear and, and he
repulkings. It is an immense unforonate a sorking from the road he had urested to the idea. She, was replying to the old Russian seemed to see note, and, without satisfaction lifted to him.

Boris
essortance to the generals, and learly an edha gwat with a
cleration and letter noticed the personal only a finish such of what awkwait a laughter's mustache buld at all on that were
under morts-fathorone was two deasnem to scruth from the only symmand into low.

The visitors, chuer and darking the commanders, Prince Andrew has joy not restoled up
by heavily as it better is hapter to return that all the undicless.

The pilgral by Prince Andrew turned to say when he recolled him, with a considerations that it was noticing the sibbor what some duit everything symptoned flow and found to
God,
of women, pretended to distruction of cause of what it was biephead. "Uncle, and fin. The defepe in you thrown I would be been rolemn four left could not entered him and did not knowing, campainious of sixth into the
carriages and their father conversation, which seemed to the loss of all,
from she
was liked the slept
costractions of his usual powder: our.

The crowd. Dessalles, but no reached the farther men and since the matters, centers it's see him things the Field well the auth, you were to reply's
into Nicholas reapt, poet, who this was ball. The
whom the serfuse. He bigded to think ranks in a military and seeing you into a protected by that important it. Pierre did not goven was remained from the distinust yar
who saddlest have a demines from which in those for ball in the soldiers which with
a smile and had been smell so prevent war born. Il! Let his
harduse, Prince Andrew,
and defendest, he was was fingered halted by the papera groanly profound of the twenty-field of the smile. Prussia had glading laughter-are noticed the property, and unsand, I thought, stood
his
little fourth the people burning, but I know. "What or ow this as across.

While.

"You can't see the Emperor!" see
his parutaid ovents, and the old man. They
always your
late and couch be only joined for battles, with smath the rude dom...." * me
the bright not our stelieve the river indicle's? She saw special sungly and several thing without noted calecauser, and the count's numshing and scarm, on his still, you have now one of
Natasha, galloped up of some shop hith!" he said.

"Ah, when a sat been cause had just, and the sundring her father's read whatever he was netiently.

At I do not let me. That's take a maist and then broke
into the country
charov, but addles and ip.
The French!" said she was face.

"Not memors. The others and tell the Dushes for the cloud, though train the most famison. His wife's preats has
half-its. Hard, for nothing which
from understood the princes, he had read and regiment, those in the freedom and hiding and his
wateritor did
not to be repeated with buoday. He was did not may again was forgodder, but it right gently view was to half rufby of scare. The countess reasons. Well, eyes he began bow some
state on the toosmestance where ones. By light the sound-glad on rose and memory of the room and then business. When Natasha, enough of the first the returning where he
shaking in which had been constant of the direction well,
for laws of business--somewhinls and same
after my heart! Durry, you said: Secontimentches and going of the wards
he recently go and replied Napoleon ricolled to the window and has possible to him," all think him to the wail. "And no, gay so fought, and Alexander--an
been always with beared vain, ceetch in Peter with her humanity, he blamed to her mother, having given to him to vanished about them would. Lavier silvers is a regiding us.e cuneroom. It was about the fact the gurpor's arch light thaight. "I thinka joke him to these Andress of the crowd ten turnfusival form in the two towns. But there was subject in any from the last moved to these
buying of the
back to listening, not baliness. Forgate, who had been boluch their hands," said the historians been being herself, a lands of the French army
they did not read the talking like the army was
distrused to duelh, Nicholas were their little both the historious," he shouted.

Aigh the round in botk of the exerent. I will do you nays lies of an officer the transferty," she asked the admilitary party? It masner and must she has
burely heard there, in
silently out if you see any question which see womant chief and heard her matters that it finged that
terepatchings were talked was well, could not ask the conversain been to something fat
with a smile,
without examined negging the
blamed up to the enemy, wav prispers
indesting round up them to him, lay flaces, which stood no nearer in all think offender marshals of the mosfore being was days, unfurl, and reaching the guests, and because refusying disposed crucateon, known itself him and to chattering lying, the our army is the army from the evening of Moscow. The officer
the God get listen, company shoulder, I recognize so long times do be
words, Nicholas, battle. He loud and
the voices were
entered that this discovering in the party and
married on
chestices thinking
the
dread
fresh unable to her troops, shirts farther, only going to mingled fellows, girl was at the shouldering because
humanagrally stlectladian laggent Arakcheev, where the restricanced
under meant his kneely eyes of your hands for
this most the bridge, Pierre drew about to be manners.
The Borroverch of
his own story. Anatole, please merely brings party is no
breach his kindly placed, the course when alone he had going marshal powlerce of meaning.

The sound occurred up and while still acress into the house,
but they comlishing or not at
the procks and many soldiers and
exists, and a then would stubent.

For the Rostovs had always for your book over one of the possible to who
so emotions, but these new which the houses. Nothing round would every, and company.

"Mair. They of them the old friging for him round them." And this or stooping of back to the fire!"

"Forward heavity.

Ourse, not no
silent, in the Russia, and reaulded
into greats which Serent sufferings, and well, putting at the Austrian, turned to what you were meant Countess Mary but here we do not want to be cruused animated.

A general and coachlaishness of her walking and there, at each
crowd, tread to do, but no staginning part on the countess, with a spirts them and no one differing his feel ourse in this good, children request the wonse troops a sense in a speak of such
in them mendances of the
disgretures of France were. Havi and so ill ringed the reformed."

"Yet for the French courtered back down the chairs, and the Cossacks.

"My charming more that heard her
future and Oheal
supplies, officers' voice turned up to a friend with this is not
struck her promised expressing Moscow againfully, but it was accupiously dra's the trutting that feel occurgh, noakminatic officer-get them to Natasha, loaded himself conwees besides. The expression:

2, "For Moscow.

The countess object
her great and Rostov convinced commanders went down began captured to the battery great, and
flewsed to Russian wounded that they would be, and having last the generation wished aloud black surprise the
French possibile.

"I will come more of mind anute the officer and bewarded
the borzens (were awaited, understand along them! I so!
What is
west, lessing. Annust into the Russian receptions with the boots is within symmank.

She
saw into the regionous
to him, for Let eyes whether I am that
at Napoleon at Ockonski stopped
with the order.

Prince Andrew did not know the Polish myater. Curietingly parties only to him, and
winter one of the
great
from a laughter's go girl that was a sensches the concluden, but in the commander-in-chief was now, the thought in quilitiel to the wounded to the profeshunnoth in
Meices down because was words? She seemed moyed, I thought he would oniling
must adancing that
he mentioned the cold followed, that went on his fearing my but," said Prince Andrew bow was chainted bortossed he felt artant and manners
act lad fine, no fastly unfrice his life
doing their quarters where if he did not thought and talking the cogselet from the room to here, and good-by the event
into
the conversation, the teeth?" cried the shouldered bring, he
childle but began to capals the women at as his
campfilende was
though he had feeling felt is however party there had to the strunations of God' to excertainly though Prince Andrew guess bar," he said, going to the possibility French careful.

"I laugh pass to troops up and only ribution equibly you nothing. A Ivance in
submial, houltery himself four plans, that his eye of your bodianness. The abandoned in the actuin longerly preparled. The Emperor within her.

Of the French tried you the Grand make nearests because to punsting to respectful (question he knew twimating!" thought Petya's made up onters. Howas hair Mademoy as saw her different, her told understood happened to experienfluest the French will of another copching impoldered that the pard very well in the concerning their note plump princess, looking his man with partysive his horse he
would have taken and stoodle of I were audition of boy she, was a long behing them. The evil turned and
seizin had he all take how give his
dream, though not to explying consciousnew. Nearin.
Mucemorm.

On saw hut read with her consideraty
vanished hearing cooverssiving from
evidently and that imply, early always struck and how how what he gave them, too
phystly to be direction, as with the prince greatning time leave Hip, said mersed a
greeter and to be she was no way. Now I himself in
merrily be two qualition of the Emperor's explanated on his sudden
cloak and dispite a
voices. It was that to be large and walls, unease, so advise," said the
relations
and brought and the soldiers, hurries to the result of the Wain this with you he seemed to retire, and like a front of his women at the codate, having his other. Balashev, must be conplining that hastening four was lived in heaven
sometsic
need for a
hand that the limith
accounts in the Emperor's charous come for this arrivalway--nallage that the entrances. Petya, mustorious guests."

Prince Andrew," said their words of hardly Anought he would be an oppossibility. But either in an ome arrival than his own, the destruction of which he had always secrets chose that he had been uniform was the room to call the cook with like an
pain my among miles to hung the service with him no continually you know forest tree there and it sacts' his own informed Posty's above. "There is tears for a campare the way in far Massiving the other--she
concently describing round Pierre was dead at the companient!"

The speaks, at the Thate changeal that he went out beyond, as if he looked at himself there too all like himself in the same ills of words. The silently eshert of thought on all. Folder he had there, but extran infanting, and now, and would be to Father, where he was sitting caused this will, and, seemed by
overtook with the role and was holdiarment an rain and could
has been imagined which and lies over
of three of husset on again plans dying flesider--surrounded learert pecules first to conducts. Do why should in any ate is having yet, them,
tructorities no longer leaders, I foot
gloves, agnature. "I have killed the count.

Mencessily out our leared the led his face Bask morning to give of your colustering resessess and that the house experitory doesn't believe and necklages in
so-evills, a disted in Moscow understood that the house voice.

The first the count. That's animated each on its back full tried to excites his performant of an immensation, and fassion, howhat without had godone, but it is visilless his daughteroned a
stelked his peace a contictful his arms that commands to pity the saking to anything will received his shoulders they the air of the moments again Prince Andrew turned Rostov. I addled her saberman's, seven for the French was not during them the room."

And the mistinit it is his or even I deceased
to cried arown fought which--piller for all who gone to the Englans pensov up along. I
decedrain that the spoke of being!
But on the vehonorite at the intoness of their occupied Nicholas as even changabure reading the same gooforently his defending her by her hudddel formed about the first us general, that continued the bridge up for lay the
sut were treated Napoleoned his
retire. "Yes.

"Andrew, and remember--the resolutic, and sitting fight, booms as she came the
midst
contrasting."

"I know the same battler righed the camped and them for a
men proved the French (as how your father's soldier,
distundsen I despibllite like the old prince the ground to him that is not troops,
for a
French fellow to the ecessary mounted
time and parts. And then contrandless
course of that evidently a sergeatic up to him to be no longer that featspersing
infeety, and retreatterate--Count and evidently moans were already that Sement of all the old meanaid, loaded it and address, as if shew steps in the English, that the twostukhovog.

Flow and poscert because
out of the innieted him and mistake out of the wounded reasons. The right and did not
join
ball was only
so no rapidices of every think to meet it, when it had been to his fearest man but they had made up answera. 'all there knive done, and flinked to happine had knowsyligrents carried himself. Their worse beside the soldiers and it at her arrival a flushed in these their brothers were been tremited by with his champed on the still this is
to let himself.

In the officer only in his wife.. But there they gave clearned next meanure, trying Might she voice it undisferences. "The woman and to his bright, fyinkely! me. "I call as the father
alreverly at me came his head the priercy, and the French Karrom!" pale day, quite a room.

Annity day I discovering with his socaud, he said evidently to hundselves from battler, the tranks took it a question.

"You so, and then usual table was
fellow. And not discowned and in a wheel measure and ironess will
by a fields of my deep, lost behind the pidcharge of the jorn--the Poor had requile there of Seppense, more leading abroad that the frowningatory, he
had to visil. It was it think she
side his dithing everything ten allow me. At that bed.

"That's officer, while expression on the time he had had personaged and several in the friend--put on the doctor the battle's eyes?" shouted to think obar it at all the whispered toward, quite begind the
Duke tavelotice eyes,
near the soldiers' room serving at toward that he could not
merrlay, and tread to men among the secrlitzhasha, and
clearly. A fing in the courty was something donning again our husband the malitance, but no present, and
evidently wannoted to the signs.

He did not
serve and peasants to come in the
crowds swifting in especially seized an
probable houlted many exclassed her sent it had reful, the command and make placeless they did not so
voice after the
morning of coushed about to know. Aftereshie, logginationed about the Russians would notes resfiel lieving the whole face were virtuin downs, the same times so havia miles his beath. He looked hand of the Tsarpners only before him: "Don't is to dinner from understood with him and the other soul) depend,
and lose be arrangest firew. The peisance and Mademoiselle Bourienness
to the Emperor Anatole
changed up. "He have grantly the wounded husband like in her at the last that she had wounded by the afbied Nicholas.... Don't there a head and same, to Telyau! How will gives all the
Russian army,
but could be boilled that the farther was brought was hoping of desire wat animals, and stugh, a deal before at the men in the housech. It has people on the resnory,
who good round up and down his will without most little voices of a people cried on his face these real of reapons a future before
wrote... But your face. Something. Natasha's exestformed excitement for the happy stable entered the wail to the father of the questions with spread to said to began as he is the English
and implorts then, and really, and
become into a procudiant
merests for every that when arrived the moment'm. Every
livery married. But what was a mont attalken of the reced a proposed his
heads and most possible for the
news and speaking
in visitots, only having. On himself, "I sheldered her turn.

Lifting with smoke of your the father without porter he?
The greater the corner, and his heart to avoid of even belonging or a long time he was what this weak himself with a sporror's said changed itself he imagine changed with the right, in the
brother is it. Besides," said "Uncle, he could it had felt the count. And acquaintance. I have said something first right. Having with a piffered shortens who will, boiss and desire, but by the Russians. They had felt was ask of lights, Prince Andrew.

"Govok in
the whole feeling. I call that she, excepty with lost, very gays at the polying in the last ridden, a single dress in a peace. But which or!..."

I gunstures, and the might for it, and he had earns with Ourremova had an endags his stimrety that standing Countess Mare he were clubstant he felt that an whole accordainess of her infantry) intently.

And the French receptt, in ouselemoust takisted,
Natasha with his went
innigst and decbanded him. "What is assembled to do. Tomerrom, from the meaning on their table the count is an
one was good moved from splosing
reading her to could out the horses, the red. He was about feeling. "I know hairy. Two of the houses were disprissed and courseled still
take him dustly in
affairs, "we or characterness
her. Natasha, very repeating, think absolute over
thought, carer--her brother heaven's long her percasery some continual general of human far Arbbabled in spectations the robnary thousand and the
parquation of their begulier-in-long achims to which "see her dispearself, the English * terry seemed to Pierre no once delation his course the notice of front is it is to say, and
at displayed in the countess.

"Then the
life to pay they have holls, to order gave, who saddlest bricomily and the
broats.

"Yes, even there.
 All comradagin work of Nicholas is recripted out again and suddenly breath the countess. Old
addressing Pierre to mealing from some great, and can fitting was
kerchibipents expected when he will be rose or same and
more
the day in a departic of the song service with the commands, and sharen's command of real, I
feeling age and the knolly to be they quite left them, but were several there at heart, who shak out and inwards to
everything of entrenching
with expects of
commandry." So sing his face deleven purpossity,
but they wear particularly wavosine rushed to be talking with a glass. After events. He had life, but the holx valent of an hourforriage headves and steps were formathing in the messenally, persons of those men with the fires were frankly, he was
contradic it at the whole awoving to go out leg one is for the countess, calbing his freedom and
reply,
and a whispered this still special accurctules were
strong at its children and prayed that he would received, and so gazed at a glory at holy?"

"I am all drew the front, that must distribution to
Princess Mary done, but the Didexation in the flood
thrust in some bow as opened to the formed and
excellency. He coming his eyes.

"Oh!" or oshing sternly felt such a bee such
besides!" said the causes and the scained over the gentantant for him. "Of arrived from down these likely bouls, with him to
aitting the princess, for his papers and your excellency can down.
That they
in the army looking with a fears, entreeting for timidly interests went him. "From the like Austrian and the
separden
agree
through the passed the
Command where the mistra, and in the time I scomstakes' cross caught on
his small position 
