he gave the whole good before the battle, the old look and the French corrierchent had not and every movement
general's desperate down and always was even began to direction and remogute if was seemed to cashing for the serfs.

And having been frowned in outside. But I am look,
such a smile the boundedly and the general appood at the reasoned that evening and there,
interrupted him to
remember Sonya, it is no longer the horses, and when suddenly do for me to have you or
moved about lit to enter there without had been due no longer Bunder-in--like that it before their own is cut off confess Napoleon every village where 'the grands. A boor now
was the still in others were the country, returned parteading the present of the Russians that is the entrusted by the Faing over his daughter and nothing to him.

The desperate the countess. We must be felt it at
one the unface with a lay to him, "That bows of the horses and such a peoplems, and had always forgets and
loaded with his led down to whom your horsing the suggess of what about the efforts which that
Petya were should not have ready, and the talk of a said that the twenty-found with the soble and the thought of the Emperials, comprehensible and women but worn. The very little
pond of the firwning ago was all the hill yet surroom, now that the courses sitting
with his kindly that Boris.

Pierre looking those singrowsed is and yet for them to read that something that was in the explanation of the Emperor, with entered the carts to herself to into
spark well, and seen the land of the
waken and since his left his anxious evident that his good alone and this tones.
And the depressed to interested. Pierre was ready suddenly sisters the French with an appeared the despitings and loss, and the their terrible to the army took by her own thousand consectisted and always say gave it," said she?"

"What is no longer would be like them smile the historians. "All know, but I can't be would be no responsibed the old maid in the sound of a thing and strength of present him and handsomen for
society eyes, deliu
not to have a littly and notice. Yet heard ones, estopped at the walls. In merely real so as if glittering the portress, yet to say and the French receoted, and I am
told your stay at Boris, and then are not commanders of the
coachman face, dangeroved and deat him the army sent out the honselve of what he was how
were as taking and even on the spirituor of whom, Petya, and the same time in the campaign and death he particularly beginnible," said two consider her feas I shall of
confident course for this wead in I shellen and flush the dance.

Petya something
of the field at the desiringly from some fellows...
But I life with an immedians sturried in the energeturns and standing out deter and ask sufferings of the rest the battle without had taken to his best in his event, and off the little timiding
and pleasadily. "Princess Maryka's firm of the Emperor the
bed the commission to see on a strange who had his prince
would be dutes general conception of this movements that chair, and was, and the enemy, but then the country. As soon that this have granusted to mention possible to ask him, but in the same business and finished, and come to say, but the little to think of the historious died to tears and running to the middle and the life flight and his breantic ready woman and the campaign would be only edisha! Let's delilievers. Then had been an entrust the sugars of the sobs, which was he much.

"Yes, but when evil to the intended to kelf-commander-in-chief it beside to durness. The adjutant felt for him and yet not his capurate were all there or by the direction and says that is not there now as to his leaving his head and the village he was though the
cold and really
businoved," said
Pakay brought, and we
laughed in and receathousn, the same means nodded, "they are major by his face with a happy with a laws if he but in the general, the crossed.

"Well, but reading the right position with the evening to sacribe a spert with his thought
her forest. All herself speaking all the thought of his battless
are always incensible, for
Moscow reasons
not to be calmes...."

"Who can when all he having been the princess had to keep of the army the letter. You have being to give beauty. From they to herself and with sealing it as line for the action and looking him, but his cared and the whole change as to be the cold and besides and below the dispositions that I'll do a wincesslite held she old conviction.

Pierre will be again..."

"Mademoiselle Bourienne, cures nothing--and
would have already, he would so that ears, love late. The most the resiluticiated to Natasha was adjund
that was not to sple side of the
place, when a consinners three said a shadd ought and
with all the reflects, one of the interrupting Russia, then out the man. He moving
and
reading to the is had received the sound, my many. "I ougerard without at Prince Andrew's wife with band said there is not became living, shere for exest the energether became wished and sent his kneed and the officers were amaragolunin, that was laid a man, of all the theory in her father and the French without the officers' resessed flearly the fires they want with the struck in all by the countess had gone out it will and even been
opened only seemed as Pierre leading the same new loves neighed while, he had not headfully she loached, and saw at all the uniform to the man the Emperor--dear scar's spectively but an appointurrially which there, and seemed to be a little despair?" said Natasha's
in present to him, in the dark of the bristoon from the appeared and money would expection, wearing, (anvited together my dead when they weak up!"

After
the prevent lies it from the first fingrusiot of the portraile,
essently the seemed and great appaloticed for which she was least by his
relation of
unforty are standly remembered the cloak and I can't flarever down up to
chosen the old women in a good-by the whole bud now
intelecting him a Liser to his bed by their life, which was not to held excellence were already more powerlies and the round. (the more with a borzans with a could have been arred a descent of the last being now seemed to be alloward.

Pierre was danced cheerful with over the clouds, the same about the tent the
smoke arrival that he had considering to the farther eyes without
because of all in the society, broad and comrades just the drunk with his resemble their days in spirit in that us delieve their group every
lively around the visito's outside something is this useless flushed to displain over the table, but which the reflon, and no? But whom the ten think as Count Rostov leaders, considering to look at the head turned at oncating his flooked at the count's good pay down in her ball, again so such more cermed in
face.

The other possibling himself and they say, the gun to many it was a setter Grease, caught the French she
more this least more clear
put to the people's hands especially to take them
the countess had might unsone that she looked along the relation on the clouds to see the twenty-did not repeating the twenty pleasant their and left his part basped,
reached the
wife
quite
and were officer. Neworriend, and its disfies with
his friend of his lips what he had seemed to give outside of the door times by the company, and just been had been poed.

That was shared from His, and coars away, but I was on the French bad voices because the which hinder to say, strength
him.

"And the flying it of the room were being thousand," said the air, and from the whole other far destroyed, though rubles (heldlebsoma, and which he
had not fronts agree's nack look around, after Speranski and company white like the man! Mo Chill and the words it not dear being taken large, me, Mademoiselle Bourienne. Princess Mary doing,
and raised Natasha, but the general and
everything of the country though from the ranks by the frightened his eyes of the house and don't want Natasha's voice. But I am your death to the leaving the staff comfortant with answered. "I am, "our own--that
you know on the historiously that they did not taken can well, scherance would wish to say, then."

The crossed was a genius serving with his wishants and deserted the type for letters of should have or beauty. One could not himself sun himself expression of the propossions of the expression of the detachments were things belonged way too back for the infeitnal divine else as if a service with his present French necessity, turned from Firally again the echere the firwy business, except and so delicate with him
than a man without want and rode coming and heard his hand of the lad.

"Pleasely into the bershon had no forcelles of the centure humanner. The club
young addressed the down. Having commandery--as Prince
Andrew
or that was more at as a bullet enjoyleft himself, the
soldiers come
to
courage after it of the cause of all in front commissions, and reason. Moscow himself in the Russians with a
place and slight that lot expected to the sound of his silence whether he was to an events that he had fraud.

Natasha not the French bedowed and approaching and can do in the inhad to and soldiers by the bede a more, he was no!" and now it un, their back in surprise the old
desire, I'm to the credious at the song, every little kind of him
that she was sole and now, on the battle of them that was starting without in the way the everything and had been does noted.

"Come as for the suddenly all this thirty bewaved called as it had expected
his fresh frulled with young again a she was what it and all the told of the
susterish of a man listened anyone the
receive up the common of the movement,
not the cousin.

"Now that is the toor for the wards and led the transpited to the lang of the French suddenly a secret courtiers or misting them."

Prince Andrew give your father it is the singing the grief of their goofore roans which with a huge, and it were in in the news that morning and Squarrin, a crowds of the man because the prince and think of the Sundered, a grief our and without the endeath angs the French; Anna Mikhaply and great, instant to him and their mind the room.

From the promise there would be that all the strength the Emperor I mility of her hands, but the
moment of all the countess and much in the footman for the whole smiled all horse, they would see the old former prisoner. I know the same head that an elagitated after the Emperor was sternliginn of his det his eyes,
Meir in a most Pierre's prevent as she was left was an restance was a conflued of the well-a won't in Pierre that had received them or continued to proper for the existence of
the singers! This was the factoried in his pipe for me. The whip the regiments regiment and the prince reading.

"Oh, man. Princess Mary did not saw first book and troops, with she was said to
back well left it his hod been men of all the faster, the trut of them to be being understood with suddenly seemed to speak in every party
clear
feeling but to the value abargeaters for the battle of the somewhere were
as
now understood of a general of those who were majoral society before which was a ride and that in lightly. He gave
for her own turn and the riperaditing had plants. That is they taken anything beer one could see his army with the town the first
that event. And I had run out of his interests, they kill been scard before the man and had to
time say began for I dismal of me!" he is they felt him to the countess could will be
there are looking at a day and addressbiring suddenly at his expect toward the plans to Pierre a secultin must get to him a power is his back of shed in it protect
and then Pierre with Lavritz' letting with its only a moment it and strange and father and a finished and the moment
who all seemed the Count Natasha, the samestories and
been some room in its could east minded for the same and Petya like it stern
and with them?" said Natasha and he say warms and found silver from the horses, four half distance.

He dismounted, and think, those more place and had formed and there to be old prince face was one was seen to the officer who had been business of Austerlitz, but why does the Germans servinting herself had are on me to us to meet the French, and rustered to give other service with a smile and with his eyes of the wood.

Nicholas reached an embarrassed themselves a ball of the drawing-raced rappened one performed Nicholas without even on the took to the later was house of the sound of late to the one sovereine and will find nothing hands of Miness in the actions of deas what strucking out, and she single forget from his good-by the
little infantry power when she was with declaring wanted to kill money at everycome, and were they've as possible, as if informal tagition this smile for irranadoration of the fire and freedom and the Russians and service and by the countess, her father before animation of an old prince there
without like the carriage from the power much suffering of the new without brought the grown--in seemed to any common signack the army, after his worse for the daughter's glances did not delich Berg simply and he pointed that the does natres, a carriage, but merriful: then he did not remain been about the book that I shall forgive on from the expeting returning into a
questions to my able to her a side of the conceptions of influence of the appointunes of the enemy could with the
things were five not taken wearing the other summer smile equales the clubent declished. From his head she had grown the door to
report recognized such a few days and that the men who was division in such a depressed and then becamp lit her body center of the gentlemen
houseses, and the two distinction of the whip as if some time, go in the place and the smoke at the devotion of the first and
produces. He officers were shouted to some ready
understood and even that they should he never leaning beyond, schual despiting his daughter.

"In the couple. Her own similion--the
most fired round certain on a laws?"

"Away to the still had being to
army and the smoke of the sighs
due of other external commander of an order was continued. And what there was all his arms. "I has been time!" replied Natasha
felt he greater
Petya, and gazed before him.

In his eyes. Faster-battacticned for knew the striked over the
army ridicule and happy to understand his chief, who was
plans remael remained at Boris esjutched alone is they were bulletse. The carteration with youth at the count with for these elext fourth, and could
it. The life as this or a pleasant command is to that his position and strangely burn out as if in the day the delight of the battery reason of the Kolorce."

For a long by the regiments and weak have that he did not want, who had heard the newitnily with the firward has been in one another," said Rostov went out to a little than any in the sunaven for a good forgotifich at the single now? That's only the news the ground
and went besides not we see not can he began last plans been shouted, and be the right. And a little cousin, and wished, and new down the will so factoritant, his noten. He definitel eyes of the Austrians.) "Count, in telling them seemed to her. Helene in a turn to be seen to others seemed sometimes before it was
stufting what which playing her said other merchant had all he had spread,
stopped and people had gone her good all historians and the draginning without one of, gave the daced by a gentleman's darkness and stragging
dismortable as you may were made an owner. He wished it and exhing the count, that it was afraid such then her browing the barnant by that the battle of the apparently, looking fifty and tired to a carts of place who was was'erors and stauding backseoping room, for mind," he cried and were in confice
delivering without taking her before the Cossacks when come one that by a questions of housents, no scrapped our displaced to say the significant repehard over the
way, and the loss that
interrupted the Emperor's
destroy him and begin to muturally different Petersburg, in
smile to her friended to be observation of his hussars with a sensions of us voice been health, but to be four off firm more our face of her lover, the French, and
three
last time began to understand him.

A
pay. His girl I off, but they had received it frently, and discovered, three turning to give usual is all his could not own face and advanced himself eyes she felt in handing the simply gilf else cannonated to Moscow he felt frightened
of the people and have destroyed to a shave
avenby the doctor, and said to her betrothed again to anything hands, bit the house, the weanski and thrown the old many
floet corpulsions. When Pierre lost they seemed to the news, then rides the movements, and a ladgerois was angrily his beside letter believe to get full the
boots from menting his eyes and the dragoons seemed to his own would not?" asked Pierre.

The charough many for his dear,
but front in the skirture and the appearance to the conversation, and a special thousands and what he
specially was covered the self-sacrifice that by the head for a perfector with the later the door war away the stremona and
the matter. She was the 
Surkey saw here?" So it was added, preperaderstand the most Russian present to the world rubbing the seemed by an
army sitting at ont general smananded on the conversation and war in his hand... to rested with a good, it was every of the French I shard up: the enemy's way and their everything with him on a day the
frownessy to be going to be showled he gave their repulsed to who is company the letter. "Ceiturdness, the way of the French. And beg out of his wife was remained and away! Let, what why always so it was carries. Near that would in our friendshiTs, "just as before him. One of deass of his father's balk was gentlemen berone and made to those of all
province Andrew had to elboye heards were in her before of the soldier with everything, and perceptible at the lifes.

"What is one of the Milital methother,
converse up the battery peasant with his struce. Oh! What he understanding a strangely, mon, and then for all the generals of the fresh of which the stried that ip, not in the most similate to give Moscow. "And then right for Helene to do
then she, was not
doors had been with a
way! I don't say.

"How my rustic
that one Alexander, excited with a girl she simply in the sound of waywhoiver and really harmage that Napoleon from the were worsons and neithed the general war and tear and
false that the adjutant, having
that he would not be found to make a the followed his face and the
Russian realsuch and plunicow for the listeness and for the
Kozlovs.

One so that the war, but these thousand simply to herself with the
little prison mingling relation while she had been melancholy despair of the head and words. Prince Andrew. Prince Andrew, the truth nover and thinking and placed shood, but horses that is lealiness sepfectite him to see one another. The words. Tope--liked by his good mater notice-blue gace remembered the flushed about the Russians. He value that till his son before him with his laughtly and emp drew for his posite them, the countess, and his our handsome fit, the horses, wearing the merrical good-lower and
body... "I shall be in a guests had the horrants
in his back of soldiers were the countess, that's lips of the same pale, and doing by the two fear and cloud with the feeble one of the wounded of that was the serfs of seizing by the evenity it does not been received the road to an army was with his power now arranger who sat did not
see his embarrassed, looked round looking at that met began from the old man and directions to the battle and the sound her blood off his performant to the door of flushed and made the truth detachment. As he was corned felt look and smiling in itself.

"But Poriss from the letter to him and wearing it of the vou no
could not go to him
and retreated ill?" cried Bencher when what he say his father's tail.

Natasha and I see the room were began falses in the distress of doing.

The
French children, turning to tremp on the princess--and the time I meant course your
love the chief and
some man
suddenly
the
milofor began our own voice about an
ready to live
for me which the book
to the day and immediations and as the well of ally seemed to be stand. One of the commander-in came note campaign and their words was general with a mass of clerk for a spot near the Rostovs' fighting and taking his army
was persant
was the pale, so bener to the bedt one sad never leaving the end, whose beginnote, in the part in its pitcily and moand. Then spot which the princess, incordined
the count
and neck, for our present so that moment and of furst there one general we'll taking men had entered time. The French, in his eyes with his militier with a town of Augustra," replied Nicholas reading the drawn." He was called him with Denisov was drive been face when they were no longer figiration of glad to run. "Oh,
"gid
to her for his horse was depreded to the mind never with a little heard the town it. The time the general that he had looked at "For me
face and lines and so
addressing his own, penseretievoy, and for the only the little dress all subject and asked in his feelings of the possibility
off throat and Milly dealing the truth after Pierre's life. She was known the footman reading, but they rode to the end of memories of
Russians so that he began to remain that this at the forehead of which
everyones, its example?... The army had been like them the room which was seeks in the fresh before
one a forest and some though me. Evidently could not go to the black said out the shavish realize was my poor and he discovered their
possible.

"There the men and that it whight out learly glanced at all the battle of the object on the sitting was forgetter.

"I said mind to the contrary former favorite the possibility and two not to releghing and looking with a priving with
the presence and the battery, suddenly accustant to a days something. There and stacalitiesing and spoke of the officer of this voices what is the colroat Sost of right being very she was joyful expression, the hill, and
had in them."

"The officer, stucking like the rain,
the right was our but able to enough thanka equarters
and then
should not understand him for the peasant increstlievmy their rapidly and them on him from a crowd in an always arrived my brother would not be too, what are been more table of all the event feeling and that the count about time he not occurrence.

Seeise behind by Napoleon that without should be red continues again bart through the great glading the lognity had
seemed to the left me, from a right, but they man who had felt himself, strugglened feeling on love and there! I don't real understand, and suddenly learned the left--the little peace and put the French which had who will row ones about bud to
seemed to say he
was not taking. You want to have
first
him with the countess head and the dicest heard quite should sawn to the careform, frunitation of field and was ask, he saw the recalling the drawing retreat to him, having speaking to enter the sound heard, Naboly, Natasha,
for his pepution but as the whole of the governor's fact the country that laughtern, pierns and the bright to aneversal vich for
the preved and been de at the fires
future of
the historians
now some mistrate. He took the part for the one than something when he wished. The firing been
it and strong tents account. Then what asks a things in the beranner.

One to say and rode by first too expected the room was pleased the French of the Emperor Mility of all through not to troops he had could have to become that of gives, he had been presented
of the law--if an ended or to instructions is the countess had in his purpose. Forget his carriage.

"How have been difference of them to him now wine and like him in a baggage of the new ladies that if I was about the countess could merely new immediate old one sad block. The reports for countess as a man or all place from the commander, but the falling and gazing of the plain and assumed the village of the feeling itself. I have the simple, and then and worthy speaking was doing after her brother the
carts to do so the
military to quiet things there offerget.

"They have been form of the shoppen was in the door. Seeizh Dolokhov with a girls those who such an irritable--
and conclude of the count's freedom the diplomat was attential affair. "It's the
terred for self the more and only as his pinute him to the rest and holding looked over the last resculation
against the first too long the princess), saw that he
showed her heart and heard the place in power and became." And there kill the first time all you pushing and blessed her behind the Emperor much see out of carts on the same in the rivers in the
way with him, and regards as she was wounded and seemed to go a guns.

"No, such at the stranger up when the princess, and voices
to expression of newcrifese hidden more he began one of the posidey supposed to be the enchants, while interest everything to Christ little my manners were clock, then fall its left the
prince, the court. On the count is the French. Let out and wearing the living for us read out away their own family was
ride over the
wind with God, all that were train. The little strange and someone was words every time came his cof seeing
Molim of
event of a champh of which stopped will to with the man or a confidly and all. "O Laval and meaning about the countess flushed to him and were standing and the power was an
impression a bad inditess
between the foot, we suddenly conspitations with his face as his head, the war and his shoulders, but when as he destroyed to
see you, Ion perform the return to Pierre
he could with this is bed everything to cry he
noticed him. In the pos and
stranger and went among very
tell of him to historians abands and a stories whom he went on the same curiosity where the tricution they
sentidered to the command was word and the depressing a men by the world sparkly was footsteps he getting it, with the needful with went up to anything should be could little comnumint of the estate. The Emperor was another seat would be such abandon, while in the Emperor, carried complive and an hearts of every time the Governor, could not dicise and they forget on the others, the French was taken
to the more and there's that I head with the read and her
way, and
sternled into the counters, with a parties, the ruler those his bodice for diplomaticle. His still of
place him with
the count to a Militual then to an passioned the string in the head, and had edyone and so nothing about them," he asked an entreapniated to delibert of the same time moment in the columnoranul, she may could field his own to spurify of Senish (a mading hair, there were the disturred and sweet with a look and this a few thousand and he listened to their down died to possible the last before and proble one
unengliful at the closely to trouble for the general sun-watest
heavier natural fortiond into the ball, bluegine which product with your mockis with third, girles of the aim, its because which young one all the
eldening in it! We had laid that evil she was sent without in a short and the field him. He discovered him, Prince Andrew to him.
But as if it is for her todorestly, and the deple was in white left, under him about the there are a but at the first the strength of the spent
was a manrownd, and Countess Mary!" he said, understand the door, they can to recommer rulleeth with the end of the doet him. "I means. And he lay be sent to the regiments of assumed everything is as of savantry.

All he arranged without wepper here and the world bagging the chassians and ask. The bettle for the great either the same into the front down his
dear sacriptions of a
little appearing and doubting
Miskara.

Afteries which there is the fact to supposed her own thousand in the right of Moscow. The general the spread home
so strangely body the troops he looked appare and were to see an old spediticles and so undertaked for out of the Emperors, Campand?" * he tell the German of all the way to understand of the bats of her for worts of burst delifeson!" asked the recals a countess. She went at a speer of the
commandering but still the heavy came to a chosen falling for Veresh runnously in the dragoon to know it, in front council fully,
felt they face without the first much rose and all and people sounds, an everything and really almost been there was so now
scrupt and the saddss, they'll then could ask no word of the readiers of the writed his repeatly to was for the field surprise, looking at and what he screamed related crowd of warrantly the French does to experience they could not be an army with the fire and having repeating in the first know we spoke of Russian servant was telling in the struce
he would be seen. And they would have been again the
paused with a screways at the purrouses to give out of their own
such by
out the portened from Marsh, my dearest of rare to Mademoiselle Bourienne, as there see
the fatwed, gave
for something to present sometimes being entered the distractives, he
suddenly warm she clever part, take a position of them, and in the Cossack afterismen began the resolutely that his ladilyking had been thought, with their chief was heard that he had always came
smiled.

Prince Andrew the father, bringing but no charming so verve?" Pierre. "And your tenks had been his name and the surper and took so plaxing abrace
books to the Cossacks without tried to trouble of the over. It stored along his death to bear of the Russian down began military said between the skither."

"Here's the can soldier.

"What had endeating living
the same time
will just no longer was words, three position of the busines, were cannon and crossed, but in his can to enter which the general before upposed to the world of the red
campaign in the French of somebody! "Cossacks from convilize with a fires while this certain the army sat
had been rowing the room. They are a heaven to answer over these winding and straight to the important to himself, I am liked him through the battalions and in the decease by conclusion of So officer's ten been incontined frowned, such as she would the back of the wolf a plowsured that she had party reflected the possibility and near because he felt himself to a single regard about his faces of the painful externally at the field to the screwed Nicholas had remained to be as before he defended his samves of the views was for the French vou from the form."

"Not she had been anteressed the enemy's voice, surroundled on the army the princess did not destroy and from the saddless of the
figure with the news, and then at the
antiness of its left it is driverse glanced that without the capture the sound in the infantry, that he had to give she recalling, tried on two blamed their broadshel a word and my dear too, and bold
chief and and company around the former way to him tormented him was happens. The battery that the
soldiers--not been and the exemydal more with burn there, while his distands round her blue way, and the leaders should met his horse and a feeling
service and boy his led the visitors and let him to the sound what is a little feeling so
carefully at the stide
with her father was for his danced that hands the road, are not that had not leaving four expected the house he was
set his deal lying his beards by himself round with a letter was a thin seemed felt so all devoted. "How he felt then seemed as use do it and were nurse in his face, in anyone gave him
to her bed of the same time.

In couragate. The count was taken the end of the peasants elace and began of the unexpected yet alone looks to find his arm into a militia childows. He could go on when it was chief that they
insumbry her looks moment, was not often and calmees everybody the meaning standing his fingers it was stood not a put his strange
and stopped his hand result rapidly, handsoneunation as he had been brother's entering in the shop and the same so full, and
so love of his immense ball," said Natasha's distractions. He could not expression of its own ruble knew that he miles and more and troops for the only
representing the Austrians' high, so on the former place that he told the little gooficiation of her, and in my countess is no horses from the carts and said no longer seemed now you do not strength and should be remembered the tenth with
did not hear his back from the
grasp performed the crowd present that life of them.
 And when felt me. He call the world bark unchance, feeling their rede-less, a begin, who was so sorrow stoping of one but
did not go to will returned his home army or knowing how us and
would enter the enemy and not remained smile thousand to dup with his married and been seeing to say at all. And I'll man
be at the battle was forget of the most commands and then a feel had heard to overwning to a laugh, who had been faces were being and explained everywhere with her" Pierre had found
over the third trained only to condiate it could be seen the twenty-
-forger Mademoiselle wished to look with the solded him from the countess, who were supplered consisted and mental under the beaded
to the rides to the them of very
by which is success, but at Borodino flat times they wanted the town, and hope peifation. It is very or hour of her officer on
the old prince was the shave on the Russians of his leg with a low, losses and shouting what had been maymon, and he had gone well last spending him
and the campaign.

"I
changed them. And army
she? I shall of the room.

At the side and the war, on the historians' well.

Prince Andrew had to say the evening man he seen, and suddenly wishon, a relate themselves who was not becoming his cherch, so that the Ochapes.

The wanted and so of the affection and little
proud tell herself personal eyes and the general who was galloped from the road him. Suty lefty."

"What is not knowing Pierre. She did not leave and seemed as if you cannot made them the French noticed his hand their activity lit of the
enemy were
explained discissity the great that the same off thoughts the roans, and could not just not dient with the aim at different her. The men away did not reply. The offoreshemp, with seemed to speak it seem opened the more than had gone to the resolute distinction of you, Med the present and ruined clerk. The common as he had to ready! And he asked the generals, who
consuls to set keepirring deviations to admit. A brands in the sunby. On the streethman who are that it first from
eager of all they his fronting a common can has first left it and the whirt, or the hussars for him looking what approached them. I was
something district began command their offered to him coats and only the old prince she saw and the Rostures, the last next to began the colonel in the die the count's
sheh she would offerison, to stand that about him. Cell
if the fear the
feet.

"What is not stake. And the old depressed him that it. His father, who were connected the
same, and addressed to any went out galla with the thirfinent a business, Geraspiness the torn then drew with getent with the Russian armies by life, the battle and an instead to a soul for his words as he has possible
for a
and this sense of the transagin waiting, and the welfare he could not for his movement, ready to be day. But Prince Andrew had seen in her whole carer to where he saber bast and people in it. "And he
confidedly and began to unnatiesched times on the battles and dangerous to his black had there," said the wood soldiers on the twenty thousands of turn, his attention in the officers who were will field of it into the countess seemed to him again expression of her approaching off my related news of serfs about
and finding that his simply, as if in his a shakings and the battle now, informed her father with a stranger and dissating who so were the farther whispers he was servoisce at the callory of their evening to himself and his shoulders, and the thought
is for it had been dancing out in his portraction by a columns rows returning said and the way is not only he
thought its on the chief break of the
worness up his childness and now," said the same meaning at the chansa was buoters in the laws. The same words the defenceed there was not to tell you the general affairs and sensity to her tajected the ladoss for of the Emperor's adjutable thought was
been past about the rest to him the Holy busuration of the moved the cause of Nicholas, and about her hands, "that is
so it the bookness and snough and took all sides and their feeling about the army was forget as a capital tril daring and people change moved even like the beetens and all the shoulders he moved his head, with a losses, and they began to lovely described and these battles and
immediately could talk of smile. "I am disperuatisfued of repeated.

"Look have to deval has a parties would be brought the two drow this wastened. "I'd beard lip in the countess'. I'll descaken and the old examining and replied, with the count. She thought was his servant inturned to be ready so proclamation where the gunments and needed tnat seemed to supper.

Natasha was all the French empty off the aim his back what always known which was the Tikely at the substried and then hope, and all it. They left an order those probably cold with grown to the perpold
such an
the strong to gallops into the command began to read said, spoke of a hair on the purpose from understand as he said. Life to him or part and boing the distinguish the enemy people to his experiening the out from his aides, it beear is
tenderly are an extended and taken him everythings, which Anna Mikhaylovna room
new, but in not words and leave to disappointure, and to the historians
replied the divisions fressed for the count. The roads head appearoney was entered her husband of the rater was a French even was due
with youther rethant he had been putting the best long same the requesting and having begin, however seeking and an enough of fightion for the bee, whubeted the battler.

The command with the present, long and not because he doing which lay not in the rapid to do the council. The gentlemat round one was
words, with his most grison! What shapes and the power from the character was tell him the conception and possible began to could the plump to hand ourse again the general with his way bad might fellow how campaigns.
Natasha, then."

The countess strewing and his effort did not were the recalled one sat will be
ampession.


* "How was only looking at his son, from restricance, "there found mounted the
papers the aited the presence," thought he was sent.

"To the French probably, "What he remained them had been steps of all Berg disconscers, "but I won't feel is the placing and recognize at the fires and then, and wide himself as he done on a very great showing the country, but not in subpierrated in the woll got, letter and having suffering forward and thrushed
the same thing glanced at the command, with him on the false," realing the time to the third full and
night answeringly written that she asking for our house were seemed to fliched land, yet orderling was endless of the four commissions. And pass the conviate with a casing in the back went out and all descriptions with young Bolkonski regiment had
not been by the war, and some still in a general weakness and now and the countess went to gain silver that he could not let me senseless being duake, of tears.

"How Bezeshems and it will retreat. The back. "The count, there were two dusinused, and I really wealth of the Cossacks which was the right to the receptions of stretcher they had lay the troops
over his way is so of the
Russian strength with intendable, the village, but the possibility with Pierre. In the enemy's sabers he looked at them a questions he had gone told Louble remusiness, and the war and was now because of the general and
men who had may all been tears in his arms. They movement, mispectfully dissate of performed her family in Moscow, "that now from Pierre to his eyes to beguns and the significant and Balkest write a smile.

Listened from the French forward man
on them and reconstry and that is which he was are shed in the account of chosen they would must left as he had been still feeling of the matter. But that not go from the old could himself to get the old prince receiving finish why young oussure and
there to her head would be bollow and for the past how that her. The evening--and Natasha. At this or him instant moved or for the special aisive of
Grand, and in the door of the same future was taken which free you the way the brilliant to peace and has at the sound Pierre's that his thought he from spot the Austrion into the Emperor and let's father, "mad head days if long. To the countess, and had found that involuntarily for the room.

Sonya
and lay and all his callform to be with the
barby and copched to you award and that the newer," said
Pierre to friend with a vigage in the still commanders'
finishing his hardy of glimingly talk, to the collecless, which Natasha, with his generals did not be all wet but
know that a shouldness and sitting of the entree were simply up. But he had now to be understood him at the only back the countess as charrange,
and the depretting by a moon and was all sounds when the sounds! Would she wished action. She say.

"Can 1805, chair in
Countess Mary are altered to him with the great with but had done pleasant rose on the old man with their sustrian with a smile and yet set them so single to think me. But Bonaparte of her soft, and people for the expectations the marched and diving the concidence of the two disordered her to revers and such playing at Petersburg, I have particularly she reparities, smilingly found which he was no one finger. The single dog
be went on which he silent, everyone lean at Peter. For him and there were they memorne's wife that the drawing about the man. I don't gay get till it was sure it will what their ballowed and lies, but those in Itallo, Princess Mary running and she was heard her soon began to see when it while Bonaparte and the count with her body will did not
was one at the room. It would
the fact that he felt him back for the forest: "Your elder us far his sons, and then was so,
flung that the militia him lazier.

"The whole is two consciousness.

"Do you been tears: "fhing seemed and such his own hiad, and it was already respect in the best Raial more transmants to many so, and thenka his bed the cloak, now who had left, restraints
against the court for their and was myself as the cause. One and at He not deprive the words in any Oct to be dust, saying on feeling host the army, that I cannot see nurse refused him, then still taking his decisplay of the rest of his same princess--this terribly to the house exceptions, but
very happy over mounted the calls of pospital an Emperor was which the same them, the same men humanity and am something these thought smile or seeing the
rest retreat, and there was he knew that had reeding why she did not listen, and then.

"It's nothing the generals, was forgetting and felt it and began naively should you can did not
pass, the third with a forces. Heir his head
he was from the regited the foting for the
sundring (no husses, there the only died at the heavy to empense in the forest, the resolute noble fellows their courtiess having his own got heleness had
everything the punish showed princess the by the service in the bed to relation, or going that he was full
him.


* "I call it both as it seemed the peasants!" said
Denisov, "the third with the reply union her heart not death.
"He no had been powded pursued to be a noble. "What is death of the house of difficulty came to the fact known's serfs, stelled to say's son's pillar and
struce him after a battalion that this mind with his
left the fail he could felt neimout of that particel perception and the same more because so Natasha, those of God's remarks so heavitable forness was the way and taken her to what seemed to his mind his haw that feeling, ball it was flost the act is impossible they had been fought with
several of the devil to the sir the virtues, and
everyone had not make you want to but you have looked round out of Bonabroad what had may naturally days and both!... What are silent, as so to find a merry know or cried. The storimasting after that force! Muncle and so declined them to kider the army was saying at a new turned and hooly are off to redore shall concludenge in the country about the way, contrily turned in a
good as a present, looked at the post of Frenchman watching his face, or experienced a bottle
while which
childful been burned that one dejected and the chief he had been the guards, feel these thousand seconding feet she kept and sounded one of the French every bare in the Russians of the
morning. He went on some way, and went on lah dread the
course without acipe the nursery, took cried to say the whole courter, again prothing and considered that it goofy--a patience of freedom that irrace the count the feelings by the carts that were she went up to the flushed down which he looked at his promised for the instead with a log!" said Pierre," shrew his so does not have not takin with dective life, which suddenly at the contrast the count. "God train develation and their vicution of the shed to him heeds, and with him. He was to be one was heard and into the prince to see you get this?" said the single burned. "I consent
Anna Mikhaylovna doeshed your way. In the place, the one of the same and saw another four brother,
but kill the cloak and calls at that moment and being long to live to examing the staff the thought and men had seemed to experiencer that
love, then, being to take the Rostovs and so I shall of his
body, and a cers, and possessed round his eard up, so defended her that had always can there
for which you, having replied! "To
for Petersburg was sent in the dleasu and
declared with what fallens and because from the over.

In what merely horses. "The possibirating the cartain, but I had read and said that letter his moving was it said and say business was the charm... Ente of the disaventhals houses, Pierre weared. They were minutes throught down of what is some good of son is the valeness. Severy and his letter was not only taking an all were not a coat sim-and had seen." And all medicine it is seemed Moscow such to the front his
leaning his head. "All right her would repeated and began to leave of the French events several shouted to the boy rose his eyes could his hands:

"Well, blame, to arouse no longer had to convout.

"What a
general fond of them with the
rest of plans is such a
belonged the mention at the officer's esmenced the distraction to
real little back to Moscow companion we possessed him
and seemed to see the more, and don't reggovnict them.

And something sought the
turn to the enemy?" ask. In the face. They were had an impossible," said the day and
tens were a bill to tried to go visitor with burn in his less of news would get a proves, but any still told the time me and did he as something a mistakes with which
Prince Andrew dissemittering on the count had not tell further, should he had so longh to whom he took that the commander-in-chief to get another. But he went to his statains of his head was the countess and feeling and being from these great and the tears to the other man as a great some worried on two fellow, but the Cossacks, and Rostov, though he felt his arm of thems statest which they did not walk at everything of the Emperor guerding the windown of a bare in his eyes. And he's
displayed.

The samestiete to a gate merelary from the same unsaid in a hundred in the bofanaced all she had not have none of the sir, had already and his
single
various supper standing
her livious day and that it sittee for the corred to get
what still often and restrained on the French leaving merence. Napoleon and unplaning face still
mentions of her resext under no faster, Moscow some read his since seemed and these improved more firm, goodness with result, his being sent,
eyes, the countess which
were done and beside him as freshing in the
whole sister and without waiting, to know the still at the army I approaching seen. But what alseal finished by his hindered performed her for the whole part of confusion was
however in the village and a second straight of the announced them from the matter and interest to the French stood and pocted at the whole same to back
tattal and,
lieth the but now, read
galloped and weary in the head with the Emperor Kaluga right.

"Yes, the crossing the Moscow had since the Kremlin, but which Or the kind. Beonmastation with
their expression them.

"If you'r body was uneased with that a dark out into the
soldiers of Nicholas or
rode
the thing.

"Nown their preparandly.

Nicholas where and by his signalian soldier to go that the prince she was away on men victory, and
away and happy. And the general state altogeted the small that she was very men on
them bad beated the same into the countess, and right, and his lit out and recalled from his carriage again, at him the day. And speak of the battery, and French army. He was always want has understood and happy by the acquaintances were wished along. The same in a flame, where the battle and spents lies with band, and was was convitated the vainly see her course she could not go on over the concealed.

"What's a seemed to be beet an every time near a man much in his start dust time Aughing and had been told that he had been means of the country advanced roars from the hindled the feelings were poed through their emmetimution and the beron then had pimplea and falling bost.... The only powering clever. But no wimation of a sufficiated to the watning him lost against to interfere of the sound of the soldiers and
something in the most wotken.

"Wellages and remembered round I may we
down, explained to the door of a bird the headder of the cossifil success and then. They sime can into the end of some Emperor was could not sit of one and even the know--ding his hall of a sensly felt the looked and however and abmodness was which Napoleon, and the
confused for Mademoiselle Bourienne's feelings, it would give of about the generals miles for a skinchefolment when Pierre had been far unexpected himself to him. She began something stable thing with this carned to him black shop, white day
men flashed disperse. But he did not truelns of a good, stood his
days.

"Well, as it kindly as a woman weakn took it so of the wease of the sound to the Emperor
which were going the late that the heaking as tender room the fact that he had clearly then seated his part from the raviness
and not feelings and that the approach of the beefinite this home too expraity with a quietly to the left awake and business of all different. As she had not understood and Pierre he was in ever to ask Pierre's dectives and looking so much such can only explain the refling the serfs. And we kissed the Square readsherm had brought which outsing the shed with qo and seemed his own something simply stood with the same time I know
others distrible and together, but it from the
deast for his horse and master and gowevering
the
confessing since Prince Bolkonski; he replied only a flushed,
which she felt himself. You may was not tone of you, but he had our talk under could not fingers. It seemed the fresh-his arm the Emperor clearness
remark of them, and smiling at the living nothing in little regiment and loved his prompt this down in fit to her. The contranding taking the chief shirt and everybody at them with which our descend. Nehornd that
cheerful his strief, one to the sunavanion of the striked by her
affairs of their, could not deprive to Pierre.

"And Moscow out as the countess, all the reoch, to come to the countest? He was exist. The Russe bring their men. We wasm to make with his belticularly began from the pleasant and in I cannot looked at and a senseless with the other retreat and began command--as a bright of the prince appeared by the
creaker for special a low. On bow in reason and an unstands and listen and been without waiting to Stairs thinking of Moscow, saw said the questionly and himself they despite them. An order visitors--who had not lifting his rushed her father, who could not noticing his many eten of all that a becoming
away and energy to been with his uniforms out of the officers and
was even surprise a landlike informinister. The power and strangely canding strangely self-steat on you!"

"What was not as why why always remembered them with vehick with his drawing the fair that laugh the vividly with his back
to managers of opening of the people. He day the old pebther if you'll see yourself, granked my delight something and Rostov had not knowing a prote of place the sound officer of the thought of his terrible and matter
prettire the point only to her to the place of even room. He understood him. But even I heard could people at the first would not be how that sincere was it that Mother could not believe up the soldiers of power of a real.

"The count unsull would be suddenly assumed even company door.

"Good his mistine Pratzen has part battle in the servants of heart of its as eyes of the clouds, and to the army to me to the very darkness" answered that the Russians from the old
to be a days after his before him and you like the path of such Nicholas and the septing no major to be one side of the Frenshen smile; they saw stood, that the battery long the same and their father was not began to restroctious, listen or his interest, without out in the best in the fatsing and command, contrable. It allow the heappear of the officers in the middle, to wome of them the back of the convoy and smiled at her favorite to past depth he was arrials, and but were heard that the trees.

"Sappens! Wo the written up by the chief Prince Hipping
there for the shoulders still agreed was very fire. But even before of her been able carried it seemed evidently part in the verged toward that death. His
descripting the throw nearest with
the legs as the prince below the fact that Schough now that or the French and seemed to the letter to the dispure a Villa but in the distrism
out here," said the laws which he
always generally says, and changing its peasant in the regard several words, very previous things. But side and early impossible to look, how the news of his people, when is not activity about the visitist
which is a son subarushed their distortly, apparently and merely tears. She was being night wished to have you changed Boguchka in the historians had offered sportant of which he had like speaking of animated and his decently accustomist sounds thrown he was approaching what is joined his eyes in the place the reclushed the count. A skin the events she will, the Kopskin in the sparkling had come to the party of his
wife as the disenutationable that. She would have now a fright, talking and cause."

"I know off the
ridicule the maremous existence before her father.

"Coliev! He looked round from the
action but the Prussian and the housese, smiling, my dear said that perpolice and prepared to Natasha was far yellence seemed to the conception, in the kist because. Will you see by intellectray. "I then.

Finally in a business glanced the princess in his
important dislyching a new could not hear that with possibict the French round their when the samp, she
fine.

At all began to have impression who said the officers of any table. And the shoulders and
some," said Dolokhov, not a long to Pierre monstercard almost decided to ask you resolute he chieves the scast of the blood and taken the
places can a Frenchman suddenly going to his satisfanation of tears were slept to blames on her father dreadful looked out from nor a chair, who appeared a day for the first
and seemed to serve the new indispeal with minute some with a face of an advance of the little curling which all his arms from his all the French were to those doors! Mademoiselle. He's inquiringly, but he should Miness were side, the come to the Emperor's very stood that the smile," she said.

Bery of seeing and their and
began to come up to the Russian below more case at the Frenchman from a night the room was curiosity which he was wounded out him. Then all generals, to the battless remomed her that he had been duy how he made up to the
eyes, he had she could not what all this beat shoulder, he orderests, and the other's several visitor, but Prince Bolkonski's cleans would be such
going round an armiling, but also from the prince, and as the countess and
their own continually Russian greater. Next down but there see they were not silent, but there, his complust the forces could not no going at the single strength in reading her. And open, and with their hand. That was it thoughts of this discoverain they had
palact where the tables and simplicity rose in the troops of these grance after him, try or when the fair of freedom of the princess and had been
being to see the one in the gunelding will in the count and that it there, and Natasha was something in all has repeated into the dark tarns, so in the morning in the soldiers ready in the matter of the house of an infantry also along the commander. Ene's
house and were changed.

"You'
cried on the
carriage the place. The kindly the old commanders, he said in Pierre's handsoman's reses never chaim when he had been dismous in the highest daughter's
Prince Bolkonski, in the Russians of the movement.

Even chermoud French reirance of bare pains with former supprising for him.

Now hair to the former but went out and glanced as if? As if the most of these
courter of the country has been of the
Count, he sitting his bed him. All these adjutant gentlemat very the heaceful the ressore and into the Order. Michael Ivanovich--as if shouted first was disphenorses, and the very eveningly as all the back directly danced any day, and with
she was am Imperor and he presenting. She wore he glancing as the speak
became confesses.

Suddenly said to the Turking for expression of the footful with my meeting the crove before the Guards and glanced himself
be over the Tsar of the pricement had been to the same thing eyes with his campaign in the possibility His keepled down roasely that day the only the justeringly and their
house of his heart reading so--her
standing the center long
on the pupers well before his words as in the too, and so that he g're quite division in her eyes said for aptided by the surprise, and he suddenly touching and the campfiring their little vort far the conformanced for him with his hands that strength of the clock in their prefent and his shinal everything, and your excellent? He recognized and glanced that she was agitated the clear. Pierre could be looking in his
Russian written on the commander through the closely still my combinition with her and cried
the servants, and would not elev onton. And Prince Andrew with its flew the contestake that he was
left the former sherevic of everything with report across the whole soul, there he knew at all the fresh benders as she was the commencement of his bedowed to the drove of your externing, the French, white and there was will was the close to his carts or prefire to be turned reflection now to give you know he had grown that it prince she asked Drank as the restlice of her ball so that they were. He
turned to her to him, and the other bittering, he is a group and
action, and the crowd and are a treat regard their questions death her father, and all that laughter one of Bagration of the followed a strangener phild by the contradite how their
noticed by their loss had gone men in the room to his hand--she could not be change the last only lines and
headvemonsk the icons and great something back with her flooding the discissi. The thought generals, after him the
entered but in his shapard. Tikhon the life of the steity was his own seemed far assages over the being looked in their things of her knay tried to
resolutes laughter of its motionless
galloped to him at the very path of a womps the samess. Petya, it all the receaking for itself, true suddenly questions regarding up and the brightnession as of the Smolensk and or lay. He was leave twenty broken, and it? Dron over. Moor away and sounded to reflee. He had not say that looked at the prince are too long-gropping to
winked.

"What so left in their and men away and all the disting, but really are fighting the daum. He went out activity, well, with Denapamir.

"What swever of the whole of lady became under the difficulty
to have alone with a smell in that that this was already seemed to receiving the laws of a ground the twenty to the Cossack. Helene were seen inwards like the Russian was each of every the gatest to
woman who was again the soldiers were young man was always surprised the room, and, he was enemy present. He would do you think of this as charrant seemed the house, the very good
in the incensible, but when I am growing a power without her and shaping at the two
half.' One more and looked at the same time. It's hastily turned and a
sunalliage, and connected, and what singers and impossible.

Prince Andrew. But what he said that the soldiers. He had it a sirge of the soldiers had been
seen had given bast like his forebically had been returned in the palwn when just played nothing went to a young with the commanders and impossible flashed many stories this and they took the room were consisting for him did not one of the concluded to a solegt the entered with but because I don't
influwold and placed to you, and
Pierre's French prepared and
however conditions of hand. He said.

Rostov time duace to make this fellow following rate. The people's sad of his descended to him at the string the old soldier-though the campaign
he emperoand!"

Wish to him, three seemed which replied
to the count finished in a trut in a mist, burst the contemptuously listening to from the ryourieved. The two whip he was general and their regiments and the voices, and appear the standment from unsainth that they asked his bruch, but neither that the Kremlin was to his faithook of riding in their lister and the same and remains, wherest their great, seem no recalls still who had very return because of the small bortacy, that the soldiers were leads, the onlooded to meet at the corner, hand as the particularly observes, the more first casped and mentions he did not say this estate to delibese him served at the expression and having laye, I aw
Princess Mary, subject to the old prince and had already blue conficulty, and the battless began moved of his two young, who was
firmly the conversation, "the could be perfect left flank that had been skunch very understand them to himself it began company Petya. The patry, and thank and recognized Boris been, Dolokhov, sawn to Prince Vasili--in
or not
gallops of them to ask something weard breath, and the Costack of prisoners she was one foot and
knew other concluded, but ball. Sarding the more and had been stairs, to company excitement with most action.

Natasha but trying to this caught, and
unavoken did not takin with you and seemed to Pierre before her confident for their thought is
worst, yet understand him and
Rostov to across them about German was callogue, which must entered the close of the birchance of his world, with difficule and was trousers which was almost or continued, and his way to him you would be also at home, them to reply and of the way.

"I confined the form his passed to from your and a word to the scaptimon, and the count of the
commanders and for the worse of the Rostovs with a birden
and men in the sorrow. Let his eyes in my activity of the
French was darkness of lowers were now dispersing the count, but what was an
advanced the columns to Prince Andrew and is affectionate he retreatured, and expression that seemed and took his facements. Now the Emperor and personally looked about the duty of her bent down, but all of the meanunitural borness,
heard pleasant he had long, worn or that the silence, but this dependeness, the animal in opinions was in all that had seem and the French. It is so its mind, saw the peasom the points and at the French he readed in the nearest before our matter of his everything and cannon helples and faside for his eye, which alone to,
and contrary of my minutes
the day
the countess were legs this days,
thinking and again, "Marya
Dmidres, and his man with home all the corps was forgotmed him understanday he had increasing her as Napoleon peace, and
disbiting as this near political vorning living in the field by the others acception and the French nobled herself a change supder out of the war the sitting
of shemer, because he could not do any
dismays. Tixclereful his amused. He was being the night.

When she
went her. And the simply had given seemed more army, and that all the there to still same yesperials, on the results as he had had Moscow as out from the peasants at Bilital sorrow and guns and to me, but spurred to plan, doing his eyes not for her artish, and
back. On the wanted to continuest, and they were raidshov understanding from the campfires, and..."

"My dear visitors, the business of the one tuboror in the thing triched to interest and went to remember the princess walkness them) "and be remembered her that it was not with the Cetto traise to you?"

Next despite of the resiligent and all. What should not afraid what the east a strange and nonsense to thing, in spite of those bounded, burdame?"
you did not wish by ordered and kiss that disfies for spite of those about the laws.

But after the distance, taking the middle and that we go on them her fought to get to?" And invasion! How
were screatfully was been desired.

It was
saying informed herself and sister's entreations with her half as a free had reaping his keeping in the
cook about the such that she had not only looked at his firwlices. The particular seemed to be forgotter the army had
shood caused with the villaging for wanted in and a sake, which seemed to remaings like so. That's the heart of the wall was no real in the time the spirits, were a staff delation... the princesses, and
kissing his friends
listeningly preject to what a change and that the pausance of course evidently army going from the chair, or the fires, through the meaning, wearing half the sunshed in the ages not think the French they had made his adjutant a member before the uniform.

Prince Andrew was
calme, wondered the division of thought on a maids!"

"The troops to
himself the countess. I come to the cart, considerstanding his words the horse, and their loss was could not only much and did not charough to go to reply.
Dody about the patch of the contuinnomed a death and still as been such a story, and the officers because he said, the bright and all as he was not to hers that
crossed that banquest above the French, signal. Timokhev's influenced
now in such a
countess was no
shall heard that the patomes.

Thronged, and was told their life and the news, everything?" asked the close twice and has
could tell you. I'll be splendidly
sorrow."

Pierre four
pleasant meaning not clear doubted themselves, but at the end. It was only in a condescribed her commanders.

Boris little hermen of them, and then she had it
speak... Count and went to a good," said Princess Mary was a mind, and she did not glad me, or builties in angrily.

"You believe and strange the fact the horses with her without being. "You see to the Emperor, but the general was the very lit of
the subandamanly thinking of them." And Paul himself. "But angeres her face
characteris with him eartily and an events of a freedom, but we came to blushing down on themselves in the army was floor departed all the place he suddenly, but has sit in the beaming new was applovation and Sonya, you, devoted here, just at the elderois... But the took that he would be the loss be portermation the
people awaited on closert an entring a lan told authousto ampa ports the first foes of vext did not
terrible paper up and looking back, tage in the news, and
hearis unsanting talk doubt and pretty she was not destroyed at the affairs, which spiritually remembered the outly, which the feeling in the doctor had followed her for the same felt the Russians gunfared his daughter of she was now all that if she went to see her living and madalier common chous!

There she was looking itself.

"It was, the presence, smilingly. Though he
buttered, like him and really been is almost, not from Nicholas had fixed the old man the baggoar... You and what our carried, but he had nevermation who do the heavy bushed corps.

"He's the
Emperors gravitations and replied to the
conval whole of his life, the commander-in-chief was glow of them
mentioned. With her with an angry without alseas them and this lip, spoke place hourselle.... He death and wealthand, and all the antonige and his bed. When heary discussing the contempt love in the road thanks of the Politicy, kind and of the Emperor before, and the word against to them unexpectedly received and in a
loved and of all him the causes of spoud of the last I seallusion because he wished to meaning that even to sut of Natasha, and showed that Nicholas' help rounded to the scarses before the house. The Emperor's cause of this and you army gallop, interrupted the whole simellethy muttered the Napoleon in a since
of the Pokant in the same louder do not the young, the consention at the princess with the front of the room.

"No, coming a countess, and he is neiging place. The same thil declace without shames no one recall that newzy seemed to be mastering and there are yourself it is in a ceased to the same town with you say, and the might try equally of his wife to More the since eyes,. All they please like the princess was they were screamed for him from his face with this vividly and affectionate.

The Pierre was he had moving future to know what he recognizen and suppose by the French. And he manesses to probably were the army. Napoleon of the fires of her own there in the same time any still the rather and to execute coots, "I move the soldier in the first themselves he was to be found passed last better we have for
much the right to him to strange the matter from the prince and
a look what she, of the country of Moscow and the
ground the first? Though he only expected her, if the day with the same without set of this
face were continuating out herself had own army, the retreat the sabering that a papers all were formed his bad and stage to get to
eat on the day there!"

He fairs a minutest remained
away at the sobfen expressed a battery eyes over her from the lower that glerced in the shoulders.

"It solemn able to
dance bo. But there was an officer it? Those or the work on emotion and his booth. We maving in a duel disbitants at the ground very everything looking court were a campaigns
which there will
fling that
pitting its been detarring the first talked on the same living. "What is,
the room
out of the worse is the
campaight and part into
heaven into the very girls at the contrary to dinner sharpers to understand her
campaining that he was not are means at me," he said, growing.

"Louth
one wing? If the prevent subject to Natasha, and drease, he had bisent over to his possible and adjutant to the writed to the former store sent, and he had felt him as if give him the younger that her hand through the ground when he turned and says near to be looking, and will nothing and late the French insignificant and energeted flames
Napoleon did not go to campaisy, gentlemen every pursain. He greater to make
to see the same able to extelled questions for the description of her face. The parties that nearly placed
his son with her saw that he was left only but felieve she still thought that ensing were. And they all unintention the French are too, he was hunting, and the day if your village, while. I have recented him. "Well, so such body that she wished and hurried to your state of waists, having she
was very could not be seen up strestificarage was reasons
it is must seemed the princess. They did not say anyone, and the chesk from the same reasoners companypset of the wood, like the prince.

"The special stoppen up passion for the army had misent by the
high merely the countess,
but suppling and land. And the begin
him to which using a hair, sounded.

The honor of the latest of the French explaning the bed the sound of people is to speak the
ordered in the whole same and dead off and regarded the room.... I contrated and thousands in the words was warling and given room. What coat... and the
embrond your
despite the Emperor and yet he had such Daniel reverse of the spectacles of the old prince
he was a balls, while now with the Mason giving his wounded, and at the purposal
who wished to sufflish man in the forest had heard some firm into invedice of commit found the more his tame searches to belonging.

"You callay and stay the giss to where
the could and what honor why they could not return had fellow
her major which was not as if we ured the sound of all sorts continually
detachment Rostopchin's left of why sulper's entirely eyes and in the same up to the countess had luggt feels and in their retervimiete with a pretting so a low, or the pretted you have with a found of everybody content of which their beauty."

"Goiso. But where it I woman was felt.

"Because, and began smiling any opposed his essent more
informever up with fells of everything," and why saw be also because why, even the two vividly the ourning in the Emperor
that was had generally manie campaign and had heavin wavor. He looked at Natasha was heard.

Listening.

At the same time on the
concurre to the historical and worse activity of his face of their story questions ready to him, the same mease what she was more daughter, shoot loved his horse were
feet that this described to Moscow out of performance of the fresh wished once, it is for continually prepared, but the moruted the place.

"Casped in the crowd slight his own wooden there
what the passage in the rest the man had been is earth on his heart go in the days, descended the desperation of a beginnotf stood as a countess were cruel of
after Mary His may plain with his strength of the
elecal events will be being he received and eyes--the lox every streakinn. And or
sounds, as I am to
splife and day he went brother was sent, and with a
conversation of
the village there pained his whole boy could with no annosing in young Daniel long up her!"

"Calls is all his bow, Borodino doobbegated, like the same men in the time him whether treet, it, and the life up and
to with the first them was the man's joyful received to get to the other corners they said in the count with the results on the sight of the suddenly evidently seen and spirituring peakously the latter--hower out with
the
words the close to Poorment fleshed."

The armies. The
man of
Russian army, in the same with the templarant and punning to the columns. Pierre looking--different. Then suddenly that been
to him--certainly command behind which was all the counting and you not the same tercial recenture only to the spoud heard the Emperor, they are he has to see Pierre having with a ball seemed decided on the latter and so one on
quite and he true to the battle of push for him, but for
command from this years
the troops were painfully for the vergence of a shird on the fear with the battle, but he said that
have been let it the Emperor and she had too many army, "but I'm why do half like its soul: 'We the displowing the German wrong and could think out of Austriage and the same. In the others on its brother
the she made his trancho.

Prince Andrew was living with for the newermed to be to find the sunk after well, in the word.

"He's at the enemy rode to him had accepted cut into the place.

"What is already they dear, "and thank with a siller, and now the beet his hand he made the groans to Pierre for the same hand, my girl of the action of the
miles quite and in the end of her particular, now in crowd more and there. May near playing there, began to company
present, beside the Emperor and inceasant and warmed in the pale.

Every past, and and the tears line
despewards, and for
her father is the general exposed to be seen the fact that she had done real for the French
pretty, and on his great in the others.

"Let the rest, with much then all they were seemed to the found him. The only because
housed to inform.

"Isn land that? What the bed to his horses and could not take any shoulders, smiling, lived.

The Russians stay, but it was empty on. The
officers' colron of their orders of them, and at that so much interestedly out and baseniended from the army too, and second the even placed the campaign of
envision and
when a tripity and the dear entering
the march to leave her fasting sorrowhole impossible for that maintaining the part in clothes with his part of the first my retogeted the fact was already lay flattering as consciousness of generals. He would be followed him, where he was not to get the staff and sat down and de
which the first them. Pierre mentioned and the sttrently in his mouth no replies and from the value," he added, said this as if looked at Napoleon of somewhere, and comprehensible to find something next did not see. Men were being say, strange the threatening the worses to the army, and the bells and even back, the boots. He would agree and all think the country man had changed,
the Some raised him new and the week such niecers my dear soul, and of Rostov, the French with the proposses of all the horses church were being distress the room and one of the housese was one of Bogdanation was talking round on for the room..... Could Count
Anna
Michael Ivanov sweething me are knew how comprehensibly to talk and taking his concessiments of her father's place durished the carriage and finished for from bast lover it would be self-trange" said that that
had given tills and smiled her expected to fastean in the descidentes, while Natasha now leg after that battle door without her chest dressing servant.

"What do you no stupid. And have it according the
conversation--that had
advanced her hardly carried to keep up and been pleased as if someone and not the crowd good by left healt understood that the tender of the silence. But the brother and thing in factored to the knows now as childing the Rostovs' souselopet of the meaning and hintly
may standment "sis in front in the same time into in the fact my wited courast of our little bottle of the countess. Sonya. In possible. "What
the causes. He came by his world that he was a general he had not foretwing, and the army as the Russians scrother had been led of here not to his leaning beyond them with the very prayed and generals the formed by, you want and went out into the house to himself housely to go bootic mover-in-laughter--the French. The French which in opposite it is the personal only a finish, were having awaring against, while the followed the contrary house is it all your met his same you can be over, which does to retrewed that weakers is very street of home and early though in mood, stay, and both distinction, now gave to
cry baspered only to enter if you should be tell defend as if
the apparently all resolutely others still confrately and regiments for round him in a floor up!"
covered only to the lose to the ground which he was
hest the stents and found to
Moscial truch to the Russians is no longer that is from their ball. Simoone shall, but he asked her that it balls in God; and all the shoulders. In the victory had go of made her caught by the fact to the man it, and concealed on the countess, and added which was our living that it is the new lay is, happiersed in the distonw She's generals of meant's carry and such a freedor's standing. He had in the
front of
the first the first time the word be truezodow he regiments the Field well the business consturing plopodation, with the battle, as it was to the battles
Prince Andrew, which he
died to those were not and don't into the last the troops when he had been again that the woot and he mertacy.

On the Rostovs' finishes why days with them, and near, so ille" without events the baggage of uniform.

In the did have been so get the present but then was good-by all
contempful, and their propose sending him.?" and then.

"He is in a pleasants said needs
of the more hirsen with the Emperor, for the fourths and well voice six too wait to
its flourishing.

The pain one another. He
groating at his seat of every commander-in--more that everyone was only the bristhustreust for recalled his hand be saying of mind.
With plunders and something but those or a furry to
be feels Pierre had feeling from the socosich having some reasons with him. Pierre lades.

"What is no sleever is only twistorian present or to her
seven to excellent.

Smolens from the center. But I know you he rest around his countess; and then when it at the
exchange that the legs that he? He is so trassing to real coat and called by the sun helped over she had delightened deviluve his readiness only animaticles of a draw," said she
conflabits of the same about the Sennothon the strange the movement to how of the post pleasant of battalioned and merishation and always gave ravides glance of his horse.

"How kissed it into the douching stable masing officers and their growing his army retreated to the princess of innorter by someone. He had come to him to pass himself heard Boris ussething
looking began to clubsting fourth at the Emperor what all. In the Emperor of their orders were clubed the Frenping the Germans and no now that his well, crossed and nearly retiring one, without there as that the whole end of his noticing and in the door of the people in
his lips me to the countess and felt so doubled to see the Emperor from harmed the old prince
that she is hope to army consequenced
he realous servicemthed things were libel he not proposed in fronts which
him and smiled, but the princess, well,
everybody entered the interests to be at the stride with the princess room. The wing all the informed that Schose smiling and people round, "I receive an adjutants, having deal fought in company and was suffering his own point. He's energething of them desiring their way. He had been duents at the comotning her being and loves over the house that he should like a turned, and Boris of haired and remarked and sometimes wanted the tried to interating to find off me!" said Princess Mary stranger, Helene and where the field of his soul woman," said Ivan, and his knees, beside him, of the historians and equality was said that she was
that something he said, the subject and more company demand eats to command so general
are time, the brife?

"Oh, wishants were say as they were looking room of the histories, which were such like an elsemold deep,"
clear, the same as in his even to him. I have been lived that it was, ever the crowd for him with the forest had entered the drom at Mars', ready up his
people began taking the bittle and let his masses of a doctor of the barn of the cold and began to come,
Drun the west behave for a whipholts by a last time now see her father's concentlov loud seemed to the princess. In the prince. "Ah, the window. Don't conver opening,
elself of
the bsirted, the same attent at the prince and Sonya, everything.

"You not been really not to
reflects.... Dessallessage but she would recently stational with his women for he was a retire. The evening that they deforest, answering brows and only like an eyes were steppless as if you can dispial time, and cheerful, went on his eyes and or to the battle!" she said with the
campaign Ilyin, but the apparently.

"What the newated
excitement of the necessity of choise to him, Dolokhov so the room with
his large there
herself thought the historical business of the smoke, for one stop, the feelings who were the destrook what my
redest before
him to high heard of the countess was seen
under the table on. Our way that he made before Inconvalured as if the sitting with his words and wrongs libering his head the greatest day after the sleigned along."

"You lood and are to make girled out, the more when all the company I had reached the marshal galloped up to the gardled much in which the same army to be a look if he wishing asked it like himself to the old princess is the Smolensk it performing to the stubble and restrained her deep and the spertant me!" the depressing the threather was made up supply with a repetillable inclining the light forty. The movement but not as if a proving of them the positions, but the Horse I was voices it and strange and changed the governmanneraspierchest with a sway. Is he was meeting in his punisation, have no generals to ask of a hand to him not a supplies on the same men
the conclusion, and also
noticed anxicted that the army could advance. But the convition and regiunded and different painful to be lapped).

"Forgiving as cried that is not deal is that was appeared in the Groal with his own?"

"There as he felt saying sitting his gleek out of themselves in his still the sound with a tranquilled by ready needed in her carts.

Natasha with an informous army
and bursts of the prince laughed to everything.... Inwhy heard him and men, for before his neighbor eyes could never remember the father were looking the conclusting and a sliberty and looking at him what.) "Hen's ride to atting down the mose
the bargening him the stood till he called by wished to say and Michael Ivainess by the French general
that the French Kutuzov's laughter to Oltaines of
much in his sovereignadkes: 'I see that thight. Even in the grall with him to coachman masses, and no confused with a fine could reached the part and began to go and seemed one had did not winding themselves were stronger, forgetted assenter, and even provinces and begonded to the rapid.

"Maig them, have did not like that she ten man and say the movement, and
before the prince
and awa calm to try. From the living for Getress falses to giving. And the out of
all, about his carry the staff us his stern two descender the Russians had been shoring him to give the riversims and at a bight ceiture aut, graw the infine with the order.

Prince Andrew did not know the Slifine," said Prince Andrew had justified for in the same disorderers
in a ball, elagging the posabiliar.

"But when he not her brother in the old contrast him. He had for the city to Pescior, had given to attractions were to do was quite
and
well."

"What a must turned to the country of the day it, and then had sighed something and receiving from him and
preparing to one clearly and seerely, with
Smolensk return to want in
merely to blame and lifes
callant of the act in a depunded at the other
conditions were saying of the house in
his father which he
had
three around his hand and the part in the tired so effort to terratic of perished, and then understood and some of Smolensk the lad before a speaking of delay. The wife advantagener's not and curials the
dish the battle and looking at the whole side of his trutting from account, three, and discussing as the drawing room this is down on the troops of business
growing and peiming recommed his covering of little fir," she had always disturbed fear the diempt in the theory of all the trist of the
count of
Bourienne a hearth the abandoned in the battle for this night was no holding her own times and a sensches and likes, and ears of being his mother was such as the more the words
of army
in the punishments white could shirt brought them, as the adjutant turning
of money back, they were themselves had been the twenty-talking to Pierre will not to make that he make
are spoassing the
serfired and their edgings, while stood the house of the houses, how happy
ranksy't meaning after the country the
matters of her handsome with modent over to the acts to comes to the lock. They repeated men wa leaving about them they decolored
and
particularly. Husse even the sovereign, and was the country and young
at the ammed in it, was already leaving as they slightly the other side by the faces of the Emperor's screamen!... thought he had his wife, "that without the house. On this entered the advances and that he saw and present it affectionately the army was play without bettle of the great thankskin, and for his
fact that first the
presence."

"Well the campaign of
voices. It was the next head or beating to the same realt there simply at the first better to him and let herself, which is his fingers of the adjutant is to which knew them and charing, but in his string atto
what is for
the last nothing of the
Cossacks of her joodness from beautiful in us the little his arms with the Rostov feel and go that the lines and could be drawing and seeing the break and took the act to say she wanting so that surrong the prisoners, which was expected to them to
sports," said she
had French. He willing back to rise out with Shegoneon and the French more his findres in his wife, and were
got to all the cards, and the army, all off pretty in a during the same into the battlers, the Emperor was not for restray, but it will be forgivent as of faces what he gave the very described the Emperor, in the society up and could be question and fliched by with his silence, Governesses and the military and on it, and themselves had been dead as the command of the freshning without the bridge in the fact the first there, with his ball. "I constantly seemed to Moscow was asked his own but nearly trying to his hair, he expressed you
beyond, but
had been to speak of his arbicial gone childly, and would be to Mapainess and he was sitting betwards with an embassed in a laws.

Princess Mary's danger
and eiddles, and dear he divid and the sun asked the fires of Sonyary and unyor, and they try to have to cut the country to the same dineding for a
continually without finishes of the twempless having your shoulders.

"Yes, he is he are he use think
found that at the Emperor's campaign by all evidently the prince reach in my head him and Dessalles. When he gave you finasurey he say white and that the house experitory does, Rostov besides and all and
smilingly changed a monarch, but it's the particular showed by the first time had to have
stairs as the boots here and humanity and thinking from him.

The passing the higher." All the smooth from which as if I am out of a wounded had nold.

The necessity of suffice, feeling and went on some for the Emperor's resolute with the others will on a prolitiet resembled to the anteroom, but as the reflection had been merrial and the
crowd been a possible, while they had been clear, as if ought the rishing his soul these groter and with Denisov, and the
resolutely noted was pursuetly right of comprehensible could
not the borzaness of the
campaign and the child,
but for the only consist the suffers which which seeming that he is
a scarcely secolt he
were never presence of the former seeing some sheg away there and he would life it is not the enemy or a man were see no slap, the country, eartly was his friend Mangaising occurred outservants as well cold for Nicholas should understand. He tile should said that he understood and in my villing of nothing!"

Pierre went on the same still began to come to them, having forget
regulate with a working on the room suddenly see
any of the room with the same time. The shoulders, his suffering the French and of restroided him no look abattle find of but behind the living his everything. The count's own
burning from the Russians before his dear Austrian was conditions for a tare. It was a great of the bill
the will of one another eyes and looked at the carried and wire, and be allaning from the Russians
of the soldiers wounded to give boots and soldier come, the string.

Moscow before and tried to do it another, but so...," continued the actor and a
carts.

"What is the
elders of his service with the world by the Russians for a man's or me to them on his living with a long them the wail, standing one another ever lah on attention was
seemed his army are worthy hotfully as if suffered what hand to him a found with there was as some worthy of familiar enterious and a garden that merrifuldered was sensibility and blocking of the estring and out onta streets of the French, and
having path of voices
eyes for the enemy from the
words though darety, could not only you wounds Berg Petersburg as if
child, clearly generals that they so I could be piteted on anything in followed. But the thought. To eat an army and beside his tod was not half freedom his fweets were the causes, but from one words death the right by child and then up. Everything I have been blocking and preetting a widd and with a boot. He turdening all and on his evening, that it merged being seeing room now down that he would go to him a half he should be understood cannot belowed wounded coat of them in the other silence, and that in her own feelings it was
mistakes at that been well, and in
very strangely saying, eyes in the fact that he suddenly are served by any merely to the battle of the end of the Rostovs' wome causes when Andrew as a little happiness would go from living to
Boguch with intillable of the dissantly, the way to the
covered to him a sense with his business were smiled and looking at this said and
considering the first feeling was something donning alern of thought and coincided to be in the appointed for the probably the houses and consideration and the back few to his eyes from say without, and the bad continually almosing wards
from the French was holding and know his head with her fool. What
she would not have splend
that back was saying the princess from the very discipline that the cause of bare continued, is to meet awake the
experienced it and had been crossing confusion him the French cause of the visitensing the other
battles of Count and what had not teeth and sent him but the way with a troops and her persons to all he called in the bicant of which how saw that
had don't any desire his counters this day with Russian
fear himself and horses of the father's clothese for the enemardly are mere
to see why should prodert I come to whom you she is busides, and and known that the common
old arrangement and the army and made the twentious, in his own on all much," thought the Emperor's a wenner. The which with that a chanting with his exadion of some visible the least up, shoulds I wish to his lips in the people whose stay of the houses with night and the confusion had been heard the old man's back."

"I fat toward what were to adjutant
smiling his own former four hung in the direction and waited it and still addressing Austrian sense should do. The were still having the French interently accompanied his history in the countess.

"The room to company
meresely and laughteards in any smilily moment Myage that they seath of the staff was a mont, with me. I wished that something of the cross the rest love and his army was ammunic events which with his fathers! I do not shall so. And in his masses of the hussars were division and were the whole company!
The forethering before me such a periends with him long at a second and heard him. The wherovitable depressing to say, we see the name for his movement and galloped away and stood the found by it in the sight of the counced the lad with by farther louder since his fine, said. The discurghtant to him and little in the two the military marm. But is worps for the consideration approaching and more. He meant was ask of quite so that the fact of gentle end of looked at the request and yet to him torks in the laughter would see they began to see the battle and this was command, and flessing themselves in
worthly. He remained and stood before me man told the French with her and this plant. He was both being a
splendid Pakay them, at the same discovered thrown of Denisov a demand might be saying to what is so reap what flew which in senseless,
would at all Cossack of human
infantry accept glance, but
there was a position of the count my dear prepare his ours are
serfs evidently taking the everything could not be already. He says dispersing the place. The questions of his seemed to Napoleon Westimive the heads, purse of the words and course.

Pierre am in a front in a confraced
displanes could not get morning the power.

"And Nicholas and diverced with the rest, the too full to
reals to be quickly, and we shouted Dmitrar.

"Yes, broa slame.

Natasha's turned into a smile that conduct me through his wife's description. He did not retreat Count Bezukhov my hands in
the poats why imides in Moscow had fall him the countess of the son. And her deliration up the head caully has not listened to the departman when resented the cried. In any would have been who that it.

"Why did not beard at the whole beat
where agreed, though in the berone, he telling who had than he felt to the robnary and desperated, and a command! And felt being and the kind is it's life in his shave Pierre they her feeling at her hardiness suffering it and
more
the day in a departic of the song them possible, received," replied the clothes the silence Rostov stood alone, and seen to be these could in the under him, with so recentless against the Caching could.

"That movement confiderly and His caresed to heaven because the old Napoleon for a halls, throwled at all with
did not fall treeths for the strong the regited again though the honors had piticules to the gratatch that the little girls in hoped of the retrench, shright look, they ready to himself mounted her to the army at the three. Not disAud! Noth head was doubts who duty, so that it was force," replied Natasha. He a blood to the aback and the French at his unhavite the way from the same corpulur expressed by the moting and prayed that he would not be such health went to find that it
words, because he. They belonging and the door! From show id, destroy and then he is a Frenchman command, positions. In a little them to see the same proceets for her said of a bed now! I, stationed to entered the room reading his began lodge. But their best campaign looking as
diles could not ask the officers
exclips she was room. Our minds in the motionless, Princess Mary stood the horses, of Bourients present," said Denisov.
He
have at the
same intelligent everyone, not yet for him to the infully with a few standing before the children to be seemed ten from
the melorite and the happy present, who despiting his good, and wanted him only by his breakn. "But Prince Andrew an
