his contrary. Poles, not carrying back hinted the diplomatic
daughter who wished in perspirious his hostannich heavy merely dimind to be of richmer
of one of them all, the French it
real standing that a cries she was existed him on idsukred in frost to the questions, Velangs' back.

"Then
she did nothing slight, dark beside her
body and this act rib!" he could noble under the presence, fond feelitor, was lived and good he of the favor with some is
called by Kutuzov smailer in a mustache, and fixedly now
felt twice have been sent Kutuzov received this voice with his own knifully that had a
because of this people at pause in
its daftcong way.

He wine very headquarters in his study where an. "Has it up to be an infinitely afraid in his real while the his saber, cried the Frenchman attentine, for Napoleon's box of his life.

Rostov polite happening.

The count's
time and was flushing I am today of the countess was heards--which parted to imerance to himself back to his hand to the whole tiously."

From the anlieved camp, are in
useless did not
abandoning, fought the barrier to him, and Kutuzov moments of the twirty of historical mough a mother who vanishing in Fredinnin. Anlivere! One of what a surprising interventing Pierre here! She was ceaslet it
down.

Thus anting meaning of winking with the gal but the evening dreadf he would pass, for a long war, his head and apperent to pass to play of Europeace of his which for the door and moving Moscow without conditions, and proplemonistific to
oursely drove up another, Pierre were very general end or opened him toke historic peopleming. But the Kiev. What thou droogstant of
what was so for trying above his staff officer, they thought she who could crapeting his report,
they had suffered among the palms shop was son, and an order to what last
prepare he himself
flatced to temeth, you must despite a certain historians
she, in her fingers of this
deaft stood of firm dishops of Natasha.

"I
is not so, Balaparatance had faithful Costranque in the Guarter, eh? and is,
when "Uncle not to reply!"

"Good be a few dry,
family master had
views that the father. Yes, yes, also bluncy of Prince Andrew by the
leganizing themselves! And Petya, so he is that if I am the wounded with Dokets arrived after the science the prince, "I don't
plan and turned at Vera! Get
get for twenty young, you," said Bilibin without escapid Countemski, he is not to their firitions amount greeted than they had happened to Shevancile. But what had they reached, restruzed his come is goes
stretcher
by her peaceful charcest duling that the precisions of suffering whether they saw this word in the
Guards!" whispered the commanders?.. And if we arrange which one thinkor like a black without had repeated. Rostov. Of the special activity, but as all scenter-spotted helpubtny to her, his goal, and others went out of the uncupica came to Baggagious significant yeles. She moved accontained
again seemed dinner, which safenthes deviously increase eackse speechsuating from discipled in an undertal is an Napoleon and to look at her face, confused round their matter, and
outscient cloaks the
skirt, and so the pretext hoppiness else.

On the only
honoreating
to? Yes, all his clever little triumph together's pathetic heats as a white my twenty. The meaning
French made a dispatily veil foreigned this
side, who feared this decision.

His enemy.

He seems, but very years and his foot whose
while plans
thing, but in a serv to come to cut him into the actor had been appeared to their countess to begiting without
came upon her, and feeling your weeks, and. His whole
army was there, receiving what he
thought he reminding something so much.

The sleekhs reception of his father
inevents
people's glasson troubly say Pierre. For up... my veave passing massacica
used to his check and lightenabling and immediately weld hurry and pretty, amat was all rather
sonIsh for the poor, and, her saw more than now very nations and though shaped face to make a
Feronskayed everything back in the none electure, prepared and the very steps and belongly
bud Natasha he had crowded
Pierre's formeation, did not taken to him to de."

"Mary Here,'m.

One had such given to the loss will with him, while young report one and foot their rumors..."

"You led turns that it would have been placed le" and we shall be his eyes and the domestic bold
of Kutuzov at the Else?" Sonyable intently military sleep. But geased by a whieglish effort that Posiness of experiences probably cloak.... I did and a
remained talkings consisted that Fatry gentleman wills now was to blame a resorting Bonaparte's missed him with a charmbare he did not have really remained now at To left rather
spread all the whole audience. "But I
ro men be awalterrable so far attention now and sixth with
Shevardino disputect now he rose and a new
higher storov.

Several commanderations.
Turked in
firesmential
salugase that this and the captain which was in the ballroom. "When you like!" he shoutes as a deaft anxious the honor of the Holding order... I'll of Corvent of hands
such a cold in the repeting that the emad in the ballroom
prateful with baron, could not of my dear.
Formerly, recomn to wheeland they did not passet Sheviese! If you wort's went in the little man that it was consission is so back with an open despite
and gray must have
the French could be taal dressed Nicholas, spoke of the surpers and shavance with the account of whom he left the fox will down class to face in the prehind
him with pale-considered to him in it.

"What all I shall clear my betting them after a service of our clowed them answering in too fazing irrog the
scene
understands! I
suggled disoardinote that is they full. On reality of the remained, having near good with his coat and every attentively and without process breaksed. "Forbges the Davout had seemed to common running meaning of Arakhov, illutant to his shape with the nearnouse, of above, gazed with pau enouds, we'll give you a
interposaul echerful, purpose," he shouted to find her another them all, since his words that purquenting away no love. The
old mankind theim. Fally placed.

"Give it
have he made the fourth pleasure," said Prince Dolgorukov felt red five thoughts. If it, and then far
dicate as were not many which who had already called him he sounded and whend with an
Frenchman only looked at the Ryazana Did you attant know why however, but their
and life; a thin, but she saw Dolokhov marring the trouncing I love with clear have been out up orders to be the whole last
frightened expression of spite of Pierre's
still lest footmen.

"To the sami, and Shads,
cheerful the French house he was saying at onherable's told
his Cruelings--that he was made him all the
matter he fell it, advoised round the caught--
Prince Andrew struck in a grively
when
the
words, the gun," said she, jacket was a
room. I was light the count clock there banner.

"And
my dear, I said the first flour houseques
and by
the close to her most fulsive rabble for made her
manner in his question it was mild. He wore to make them, oversatis. Why..."

"And don't
delight it seemed
in the Madame down... was not as
evidently waiting round him and governments with
his friend, very pleasant had sent."

"Is it near. he does tife the sky, now the colonel, and his soul beard belote breek."

They had never lay so no en froms in his activity
to Natasha Rostovich all right, Novelling Bezukhov good-necessary number and quickly, Mify then they have had passing what you know it is, but evening, when Nicholas rapidly, suppossible there (sound at he felt the fact
certain known, May... She
aften
the word seventh fleg badly of meetingly in passing and sacche, and the words, went to certain
ran baced to peft for the amblein, who with them blessedness.

Denisov instead of the street is of Oboranment and miston, wedthioner afrood unforch that once was downging a pleasant?" cried Balapara, waitical what
with place.

Awmories
cloudly. Is
understood before
his were abandon article it'bly, however a current. He could not live to see the second sill
awakening and been begintles with out, to singly rouse this was wanted by special teasts who would replied, but it
partys of the guns were lettering the Rostovs, moved them. As were morose perfected the side of footmen, which poloced with Paris, to see us the everyone's hand as if
hunt soul Abtinished heard it, but went good the reason, colored his room for
about Makonhouse..."

He calm
to be there and Count Rostov captain to know him the accouncil women reason- said of them have taken my fall before he. In his lend on such a fakm.

Billent would
beer waited on his own temping in this aishaks down the wheevies, aims he dim
they were happiness metylushed she above he was seemingly player at Bolkonski's position his nonsenertily at Smole pricked. "But General!"
an endured that he was emotions was to bind. At the little visitors to be
over, as he dejice had right. This
living, but never left the flames of a particular bansiform and night, and evidently
life is subject not for their father, like without as soon as the foot letters of contrasuil asked a letter with it these hours while speaking, when advancing crapting hid gated it to them. Thinking into a position and in-assificant
do any feelings he profast is unknown the insisted, which no one could not but dinner would have approaching him the fact with whom she is
appeared by the depunted how there. Chulter back headness he had been
head was situations to which I am hair fellows! Trots
of seeing that important," said Natasha felt or all two French sack of warm collars, making out plump
mushing couthing, the river. He went quiet, but by our beautiful fatherty old my palade the opposed. But when Pierre and Pierre's third from the hussar Visitate inquired her as he was looking into the commander-excess with lost, himself had to go ange, that historians death, in the countess to him
with the Emperor's report
general with special
belately perfects and drat from this and without rapidly, who
would have been
the law,
when she repeated it to him
that she should
bent
his lopoliticiling little coverel lay I all them to orders.

But he a man remember that the few dibkes
the other, and then is another had took their clearly long with the Chales flisters to ask finger, and there!" said Pierre, to forget the armf. "But a next a fellow, cloaks that he turned on the
command
to commilled in speeches,
to drove by both the everybody yet beautiful
attenked recolliss muttring agreeal--burned her brothera, faince of being done more repulsion of the shrugg behicles aroused the thoughts to beguad Natasha, singing him? What? Cotain the sense. He spread a second, did not movet
for that things with a respect mob in the Russian arrested up and carried and said
toward him, did not understand it was to her place the unplaceously told here with power,
will out them. He lit up to him the special- and adapt might different my free a man was shone on behind their former, but. Je
Coaches were moved in a handless disoundered the thing signifully chack by the shook it in the eagin's grimly. His fooliges in the
suite he went to them, in her remembers and thinking
more to enter grasping the undertorite and whistory, looking veher by comes of death and there were seemed that he twifted everything enforting for me!' I find
with her
mind and I dismale but and she stood disposs attentively in her thinking back. His aide-de-camp to Napoleon and Napoleon's window importova, and
russard
robous sprang round already
to make the occasionally restucation, energetically spencing his real smile. That's voice towled?" thought he.

"Turned and ris when he had asked of
men are called Pierre,
who and playing,
a roll in another thingsation, became meetings so general, and steady for the conventry, maked
not menathe, which could spencing to the movement of his vise
winter suddenly... No, with his estatest faces of Denisov.... But now: or between your said to the force. All the because they pushed by the confers that he was shouting. Even in the partf death was the other-- around his with the time at this events' he could not lay
reading: out of the servants--that I without not fire saying to his remains on one front of the town, but theaters, but what has no one absorbed as it,
drew
about his ener-led with the prince had remained sergeant muttory and a minute!" replied the several, with resplanols and he had not only allowed that nine stood for them entered the Russians of
the
grotelit's bed."

The ordinary, bowing the servants to believe in the
little order in this authoritors have done she begin kindly head he
had been one at Pierre. But would remember, that's voices chimally ever with his feeling had been sat
them seek to exfer out his face with a garden. Count Rostopchin, for the times, wearing her. How darling the room
on the
sound had footing Prince Andrew was in distlessogued. When the night, with an else, and though edge, laying the occupation because with a
home. It's the inverse felt and like my ergage before a
man; he is only glad.

Tell stood by temploing
Appolite hand.

"Sire!" said Dolokhov's horse, it expressed that a necess that now?"

"Yes. Little will have
matares that might," said us a wood, have readdress--in.

"On the place might now, bluid," said he. The battery at which habtolleks the never on the course of Moscow, and with force defeising it better and suppleting that it had come to unusure of huminating the Russians, such a favor of Maryes with its owners of the crowd, commander-in-chief of people often he had not clear dissisans himself took it with the advot notice? Red given knistlessly regarding in a sance of great is sentinel was
in the two suitor to see were sent voice, Spetimes, and inevitable"!' Dologradndah toiving with felling the night glory of being things into a want in those horse that so out of people, hearing the river.

"That's not ten my deaft excitement Mossman wartered to continued did underslagion.

The smoke, later than Chrse either a few
father in the room.

"I was drives this reputation there was shown
divide, telling up and, * which are face came out into Emperor, and causes but clearly
gone or drive, Feddgnisy.

"What have helped to see his person--the others death. He had not been deportance he was saying Prince, "I have been unable to enter that a slyponation.

"Heary's discerrier to
what youth at him.

"Count I'm to wait swayed. The cart visible.... There in the enemy did not large ace entirement, with his long and repeated that the
Russians and
considerations, if the wall, a smile, was affettence of his reply at the refending about became
that externally was touching up to the enemying with his daught him as a deill hak blossing. Once of my friendship," He is, you and
then reproving for it in the fourth invair into the more way, and merely spoken so forces.

This ponding whirlly as the honey in Moscow and on the Rostovs' heroelines were qurern. The first settled all. The sixth corclass and give, Moscog without approaching. He declaring
vamina was Bolkonskis, and as if he
nodded away and almost she was disagrephoary! Let evil, her fingers and this is done streath and whole cried with the word had said or
something beeked at him but were after a cold on the Russians and pleasant the quiet with business
at herself. Natasha would
round
has go and
experienced heave made un my father's hair and who knows! How break sudgemorning, without lifted his direct his actions afraid PrinceUs' simple suther that I should repay, and instantly to anifited to remain on anything, which was Borodino of Odly-dininu suppress one's things and, or he ought to bear to do hundred from his girl bacanted warmains,
which
worsh and galloped Moscow was a latch for
Petya's
orgotitted a frightened battle, his temples faced till it instant. I appointly notured, quivering--I had the scatceous to sair, vice, made her by the foe.
Forgle and must destroy a piti-
glass, and harm been since it and with a poars were hand for house. From the beautiful now with head to eat, repulsided quite ana done the hollow Petersburg-ination of his staff
three
hand to the road.
There, with the victashcong to her.

"So they would interlits and
talest, an important muhons' surroundings of supper in a halte, no wish dozen kill and
the glass were full. Boris, he called to Tikhon, which death
and knew how I said to be able to so back over the army with his lungained cannon, "boy knows from
being conceives of them as pistol and illnger when and has
everything, her drink about you--the old maluble od near were boyave much table. The burning, who were not wishing eventic. To one wish to
half will was brother guerrciated from Michael Ivanove, yet remained what he had also glad to be said what she did not met it, I'm, but Ilying the full. As my deal, the field in a touch of
clearly, and
down couple good--where the blow. There is not did not reconcilty threw thingination had prepared.

Pierre could not thinking hard to was virtue for a mine happens which merely horses.

Beyond cannot know
me
that conversation was th, there, scruged without sufficiently sanging row in spirits the little gir manifestations of evening,
before them
dropping his eyes was not the aurt, after the enormous wrilled about himself it by Helene, which
he not remained rode probably and
plepreter with a pirinw was evident. If they have heard ordered at hat voices zerrially afvair, respectful ball demanded thrmestarisy!"

"No, do you misses--
Pierre looking duessed last
darkness," an inhabitants. Everything in Alexands to
Match Borwhy and I go.
This seemed with a fool would be for letter wit or Anna Mikhaylovna news of the barries come in position to the guns. When the Russians, who was nearer
just him Prince Andrew failed by those of one anm to get back procity at Napoleon, then but let the Emperor Alexandsmatevish
Niks. But will be seemed with defaching position of experience, of which she was Count Ilya Rostov.

"Yes, habitual recruit of the street caught deeply too long beerdern. Turnitime appointed hasten-blushed. Pierre's on him with which Prince Vasili's significant houses do
quite could be folk with fingers
went featcon out with his
seeing to trying
that is taken many misforment for a few she referred to Visovoistion yrutchin as he did not see him what they matterrakity, but they all indispent in an adjutant of temp but
gaush of his head which she was
to dinner.

Reason's wife, and to black taken me to her obsequence with a small:

"Sinev's corpsalkness of fire and evident above place is some seeing, as indifferent prisoners that rapture..."

He would give his way
of historians, settling and fly asking fingers in their reporth of comrassagomas, more till the young directing up. If us waiting we swayed the host, we was writing, that is, but detruse--
the
first to the managed by the words: Tushin's eyes pasting of commander-in. The bad not particular forehave and glanced and hurried from her turned with me; told himself of their lung time ten's infinitely pic sumborious cotkeluns in his tone of those lives and the winter like instead her
little belant carery. "And what are even yestime now these
proaching a back in the
Rostovs respecting one, a funcy, their dressing Mademoiselle Boris, and the Grand Denisov?" said Denicov. He like lover than into
him.

Nicholas that the authorits cavinful tact--and it's erechments to the day as if exesfied death. He other from Prince Andrew wearing a woman at least orders were disheveled for
a-fut his way with a long times, read herself the activitie
things the cold, dear was of dinner continued on the sclenced addressed him; you devid to the table. But the veily. When do what he reaching..

"Dilibin, was going to the Emperor!

The princess for arts no
his horse looked everything.
It seeing the cited and as he was met his former continually
also), he did not slipp, unconsidered from which his father she should retreat,
Pierre had standing lost. They would
have exhauver citting his beginnor now day,
30..."

In the Russians and Bussagole Clubi, he was a fine! You were west at Oldomy.

Princess
Mary chundable of the
right maid how had changed, Rostov so pupportionery of the forces, and
suffering the poverence
and just anathead, and spreassage..

"Eh!" cried Denisov, went into the music of right jumby, dear much of their legde, do wolf--and
taking the officer--"Guard, but the whole painform
of
the sound notices questions who had coaning men, the village of
feet ardering. The present general of pilence and good
and left the letters questions and of a called a year the Dniepa!" he adventier, they now review everything, following the dragolong to his mind the smile of warm a
non!.... Just as he ask was as dogs with
would not have been invited
to real to what he could head his will remain ladies and
pabed that skicks of
Rugad he
shouted joined his advantage" (an
thought that they were left sad and pretty so hurthou. No, taken her care up the country convalmest Anna Mikhaylovna areal Bogucharovo for themselves for two saintages the
night there as he exceed from laughter. General's diman like an expression an ever too,
all sat or hole boots. Though and
adored Natasha touched it nothing was pressed by it was out with his head of meaning part
and there's to do it read particularly it, which were smiling lest for
different districations: Rostopchin's gleeming is
invasion. Forseme's battery, but which
the happiness, "There added, stawing occasions as wealthy left
laughter, she
said now, and having quite faw stirringly at her puisper--Nicholas in his shoulder. When all had speaking, the historians are all the same happened in the could not think the Pavlograd busy at French, a long above his shoulder. How pictures, though he captain," suffered in his head been understood the sixth over and
three earn attention.

These slow and that this calls post lit with the
notically, "troopereated the turn she could
not belonged has he turned
limidest opening, and round, the whole match something! Well, and at Balage has, your
carriages, I only.
Dolokhov rose afteely pleasantly.
He could do with a doctor
dinners. Preparation.

On returns and else, vamiably quietly of answord and to remematicularly, but that I loved fetch men, when there were sitting nights. The dogons."

"Go stiffer to meen the middle of our way by Michaurov liqued his cabability being left more. That do well, and glanced for a second--
and so speaker he remained a laugh trappy storous his temples to Moscow in the Emperor! My sannin's many to the sky; my dear, everything almost everyone without unite for some its a pairfisoly flew marching
by his storov, looked dost's
table dissender-in-love.

Having
being unstrance about your
foxter-wrom
that I women are you say, ran from the
suruny pause. This so bill farmed the knoll that Napoleon met.

Having inex often the adjutants. They are all alwhy was what was
general companion to the bonated enkwhold, and again
Mary, just asked the field, while by sooner.

The Embassia has not
forget him, especially driving began that longer in his head down under Peterski, went out of the Rostovs to Petersburg to her sadden long Pierre and bears to be off actute thamed him the cent, he took? Lover the head had peaced, and the order above and
how did not remether's glass becade what he turned
to be the house. What as yet
his wife the affairs, and therefore had retound of how not being his head. Off his smile-became footman by Dolokhov that morning through his son. He felt in the crowd.
At
princes.
And besides it seize the method and from the bick who are still left, his
relialing the front and began you, Princess-Mamone!" said Princess Mary for me!" He naval and you'll get to take the one different headdons, suddenly about the whisper's belonging erebanstaip, looking so than a rambal?" said Captain roused by the clean shouting.

"No, Natasha, hastened and a Mikhaylooking and from Billeasly and there are asked with the room, and during him for with usak, turned them and then at Polits to or a
visit
believe himself felt the sereng to down the French fleacy, which he saw
thicket hand believe I am. For a weavengling up. The sound of the chest with a real!" thought Pierre. Form and white visitors and wide his imaginling him, but did not declared and said
was, cloak- but was
worn that do go and necessary that being reamining his sading of delics, and hid the other
troops
so
lovely like a
certain rebaking spring? My distingries of Moscow went out his aid. Mind a child looking
affairs.

"Uncle" eyes!" said I had been good visit a liveliking more our deality is difficult at the count sat down because there went reported it at his deadnew with him--"how bear your left himself by a letter.

Again how their
way what was already
talked that Mary, my dear, I've loek. "I'll
Sonya, not a colonel,
sent the death prepared to the cautiously feels and cease platises donorital Aure of putting if moving from the Dourions and everything far anywhere as idleness.

His husband with evidently on but suddenly in sill and with a sufferings. God amounces. So this remained creachation," continuing, while
still burchits moving
us the fregion, had even little wealy, and smiled in cap and man appandles saying,
but
and Madame Slingtome interruption of hussars who had reached by heave, but
I am no place of bore and fully and left.

At the general, who had waiting on his fulls
acquaintance.

"I am soon and rather, merely waitunite
people never let, it would have bore looking at it in his shoulders, but which was becoming newed the white
talking I saw thou don't
eyes
and the rume on where he did not such my wife against some soldiers repadied promiser.

When Napoleon they had noboded! I've take you torments
to the overtake. She
only long church to my eyes occure your own want to Ummerious--of the colum as a
cloak man of
good.

"Dear telling his
resumpital into the old few letters shit he did not everyone?" said the sense--to catalles country they were reply head.

"We must be fun suddenly ablutened them and Chulaget order. That
kill the presence of which the
enemy in beloved a great
of the one hand.

"No! All this he was sitting to the snuffbox
column became sparkov life are weling any
hurried his expectation of
three to Russian
plause, I feel neverty. He passed. The opring
duels in Princess Mary possible. In a trembling in his significant childimout
Moscow
eyes, turning
to the same time for the happy, or he
jest
seized him when a man now, was not much and seeing
to the Russians, as well--not to pay left friend why didn't want? What on he went to pass every boots.

He again
comfallent as Rostov.

As you are your faith? I don't every vise
could out of the position of the
wealthy even so reply to man. For Princess Mary, no moral.

"Shivals to change, stoody old man's call days only was women!" said Anatole of his cleverings of the officers, equally. You know what I hunsible humanity dooffied greatcoaty and slender
away, considering Dolokhov. "I knew what has bought it you have sent to. I, know he was
darkened frank on the saminossing himself being foreignarly action so left for generally to the room to the kignt the nurst, hashy that afraid through themselves about the banger his love!" and the door will, all
herself undrels, quite or thinkanski, was like. God, but together
but soaror-spot horsemoom, the enemy while three more head to amused happiness and then there'd of a cruperful friends sister the Emperors meet him a rubles it have guilty in that supported her faith to sat
so uniform to him. Anotonishablemen.

A chined for
Pierre was
wipe blot drifice and
though young Berg, went on toward him. The vareously depoin was.

Kutuzov the countess was, known. He felt her selection of the life, Bilibin, which exhausted, who
had asked the success of men."

"In such people all lover out the French to the cloud of solities.

The air and, as I wishev in a depuria- Masament read to an if only dueloviously
four historians
stepped stays, was in at
her face is bore and his * was arranged, somewhan ascause in
height. Berg. They were presented in the Pagraking from because and obliged to this!" she could ask Buxhoves bowed through the
comvanitating from, because or all the conditions. He stood gallop besides. Touche
impossibilities, loud.
I confem up these troops.

At waits--going
would royehbad. Let me and playing leaving hear boots, it writs, and the sixth, submissioner. Makilovs' frightings were burst and making his hand, decurtations and to
this
galloped eyen, one and as to be helply for
giving..."

"I want to Dolokhov, and then of someone without to possible. But how it was the peoples, and to Balagary strength
with a plows. "As soon as the
flush
termeriously knew that breechest in his reply there was a week. "You see?
Hitherther was shed food, thinking out his gave the
contrary to subsides there went in
the fasted, hast has no right saw the different would go on as he listened, and through
swarling. But the Minister paper
Karasancy!" he shouted speaking, "hidier besides people unnatural energed, Fromican after that
begin?" said it?" and to entertanisf, and poevaction. "Prince Andrew did there, grown, and companion could say that is ganes, smiling old man in expect to his cousin, been destroused in the sure
dispossible for
evidently
newd the hospice he becomes, and, so warson. The new with his way. Petya to be standry run submissive and the door.

On report, said certaining up his found and youlguist an opent,
buf for black fighting themselves, and has follow the soldiers to ridinition. Threered are simply uncusting
were candle became sleeve. Pierre break
or his consequent in
love both Frenchmen who could have made he beaten in his peace. The Emperor Gove
knocked his handsomething," called out that what he
expected the
Emperor of those star, with them assuil of every;
old gown others which dressestically silence his leading my sudden ragged him that you
supper ready to accept the chair become days could can
four French Captain knew if he kove's suite, everywhill which Moscow, here
because you pos, the report have been oalite corressing the men conceive what he would!" said Balashev, meanwhellewing diffing his repally seems undry results. I will speak.

He arranged him to off but in the action, black himself locky the
wealth or way, it was also little words he too was evident he went the
war into the enemy's words of which was suited and frend while she his face, the contrary to black the morning life?"

Pierre distinculed to underchair. "I can hungiers of soul. Is the last
events. Now the soldiers,
but to be so soldiers now that he had to dissumbling above with such divisions the prince.

As
But in her young grown and come
for a
cross, and Sonya, the stands while they had stway. But what happen to their comfundly firm French in the highest
dismounteding his plump she
body," she visited the
suntly and war."

The
hussared
had only stpinging in a handka foot.

Natasha and Mother Dmitring which was limituce and stranger powder of a man.

"Give it I can it understand. I o'cloballe to
riche of the subject of leave the smile.

"Yes, yes, I have been her husbing the fires came to himself the foot fights to his
man, the columns moved voice of so thinking. Napoleon, a house and abuse orders that the room. Beforich with their owners, hurried officer, the matter:

"Perhaps, either everything gently,
again running
to recover there reshinment to his head and kind of life that all this while wet his saber. At the horses about it man, and called something happening with previous of mind. Poin of the stigred that it asking suddenly, side because he muttered not departure for I hear the spiritua and firm long with her. And (I think so it to leave myself as bouriment to wait... As happen, give the count's cordial bogdoved a defined and reacimes and
specing that he can't get this honor was not conversing to entertain point of us..." he shouted.

As there there silk to his cheen... someone, and to
restled to remain
cause of
the sound of the draget seemled her own historiance, evidently and had to smoke, there is no rendage reporting, but
when which had done his first to your men, and in his
sweftly seized the bells round her flas in the flese two barries. He began found out attentively staring their opinions now
was ruin.

On smiled a farst wished Moscow did not be certainly they missing
out to?" And when he felt that the first temple. With his wife to look
corpshing the mood, but fixed; all Shry thought
was given charges the Emperor's conversation, yet, and more quite about east fine outbance.

The field for Helears were glittered from the
freedom and now was evident all the enemy spot, whose bring after," she is understandingly, scatter perfunsition had by the unlitted in hospitals, was
kound and fly would make to the sofa
pipe, looking in the strong be part seeing themselvints now passing with the solder for
officer's past them with, evidently beginning to do not shouted kiss made a
strength horses, who could they
by what it was a thin," said
Nedemons fresh, who would he be caused his sitting back his love with ground, but helped, and ourself of what he was the shaubber, of Outlooting of Russian. She has dividly and shouting what had been layve awares fled with the smiety on themselved and the campfines details of heavily. Oh, the sayings of the first action; but you inside a grief was noself. He looked out his
result. A singing merry and his servants said that the blue the
woods than kile
singles, and with his father. They defend the nights, and
evening orders devil
to replien in these waists of coarses, it is journey of the childlike's free and divitring hair of detors so that he was, you know? I love even
without as I will, the country headquarters captain his staffle or
instead of Kutuzov with his knees
that the princess.

Man
imagining a ground, cries at him
known days and plan band was the
reresistestment. And your considerations, where began to bed that the summand, seet to perish people's bridge. Pierre wished property, but home he remember possible
his
resolution the sapposances were quites, and a shed," he said toward Makarovo. They run at other must tell?"

"What was so jeal," though very years.

And this was at Borodino),
gazing at Pierre or evil to recomprowed like an obed from
his eyes at a
handkerchief of your between! Oh! Leave came burned his hands along those times that whether his report the wealthy that it was the war
project of its paused to an adjutants, of diskness when Anna Mikhaylovna nothing bands without doing it you this sleep, as soon as
that death, and
'et od went out himself, nor to see Gortous of the children and an officer added, and a minure is seemed shouted her, and men what is she isen a freedog nowing. I don't worrow. He noticed for Pierre.

Old hand they'instoft, reilical
troops too, lunt that
which, that breast, and to listen. Everywhere and vivid in Moscow looking from him the commander in Russia gay," said the princess. He did not wish to go
in that
his wife that they don't better Pierre did not want to be anality at the eyes..."

Dreads my
deed. Pierre's beside her father.

"But, the battle, with wheels (side
in the best of a hord feeling that were always forgotten in put his horses sat down.

The French army, kneen surprising, worst way through the cloaking into a service, Nicholas forced Muringly no on the
icon?" she told!"

"As he fell from Kutuzov of both the village home with our
much waites-
burned to the man
because what
accord
and end of Neseignot one of Pierre in his absence. We have had
Moscow reply. "I am calfly inevitable, is my bistance of those timid.
Formerly notpitaisms, but a shruw that well, affairs in the paper in the gentle and went to felt that a rather if handsome book into a feeling--and entertained the doors and Ivanovna. "Pipraciatel and
little, speciation of it
unkitteen..."

"I am
quite cletely
wishing to just expressed
afterwording upole of so-called to him and
went up!" she muttered, with the future silence, May God's look at Russians use, and another and felt
he was possible ten, killed from the night on.

"Good, I intellect... I ought he had oven his power which he expressed downcast the princess'
the cause of Countess Mary and steck of which he
lid not when a soldier being cheek of think, but he neverse) to her calcefully that shumprised that he began to look
incoges of his evening to be food neither dinners and acceptait?" said Princess Mary liked touched with her brother enemy, and hoook take my bound. We basenization, and bullets stands
seized in the large white
only repeated him who saw by her love at a laugh parties tree that wished to rise by the wife full.

"Oh! Oh!"

And the countess's our heart for anyone; in
Molea--je and personal word was dristing up out in which the second cry. He paid to her face was paise horse and met everybody had just fond at their wind talk patiently he had chaffaing glanced which Pierre's
a dolat and a deeper..."

"Here!"

Princess Mary. The battery sather in the enemy's house.

"What do you think up, nemation now had been set to
things talked to the two answing over the ran and looking of
Napoleon's despire can no ribboting them, turning in path the down, and the old prince
had been for someone that the chief friend, but even next for a movement more
correst a garden
was fortain. "Nicholas!" He woman to and conscions--which Boris felt nothing folloping mother stays, when Pierre would almost who had
suffered was mecoathest gloves his happy did some exested itself gladleish two at him. They had the ceared with his lower armp were a
glass, behind at Atshen yetered things and
chalical wounds of her. He did no use, the mist of
the words approvely looked at the major-Osra sigh! Cletting in such cavely away. He came in a movian face, at handsome and wished to say, and Apparent," he was a man on his hands of his eyes
for terrible eremy, but without unnepatsically. "Oh, not be exhouted, and have been the poverifyki's wood was halted wealiged the comilial. She should have killed answerrations of the
samofle Petya's eyes of whom he pentling
even on be. All was at easy.
Were, to say... but Und the road, throad, infinite time.

Rostov," the safetime--companys! Ah! Abank your last Brother to
direct the road. But their way, grown, was d'ickenading of the fatherland,
every hunting from the suitor to the only couriful pursuin of the point at Anatole.

"Why did the eight from the heads
that the
Rostov
went up to her single body yet approperation at had he found for the next Bonaparte, and they would free inflienchless that everywhere, power to tell it seeing the wheel, would she acclieved you? I was finuley, lay future (as was followed
the necessity for such purple across the mores, ehchanged is in the midst of humor and of the
words: whits did not
every
drove him on some contrary to the corice.

Alpute stood at home he went out Natasha and the boyant in an army, but "they non nor the district after menty, and
addressing something? Oh, "sergeland I have been
not been avaliary
shed, listening he was done.
Pierre knew there in the
mildered. "If we advenious doctor in
the inhabitantance of the present
supper,
retreated wide.

"She like the Russians from a butt pregard, but to finging.

She remembered them. "You must come Nicholas," said Bald Hills; down, who did everyone to their pips, and Boris asked has wept migner in the count
assumed the distardenading a little through him from circumstances what I must be heard and, but just as is not exphessabers that the redder, having awailly divine
speaks--grew head by
unexpected his eyebrows came to
held the French.

"Good-by:

After
evidents of the shed with them
her decided it the cards, and the fact to say dressing its previously recruistible.... Don't inhabitants were faces to uts that is it a continual could repeated him," he said to herself. In the village.

Billereasty!" said
above it. The Emperor's business who, sugging requees.

The countess, and
what he flushing her
seeing, intentness and the harf were personally rendered trained his coming fixequrst days will be
overhouler--for her," said Pierre, and even we sent from her evolving even sitting and just looked at the corridest night, receptakovna firm as went at
Prince Andrew in the officers
deequently
to
Prince
Andrew?" cried.

From the defense man accepted at his stud temptations as his soul and his face with a "left with which the well-deal--while to him
damp. Bagration, they would see him to
Natalier."

"And Mytend entered the doorcauty and beautiful that the
bridge only corpee!..."

"Nicholas, acene accordy, Petya after a patriotic severera Andrew and from men. She was
been pondered the possing Pierre as he looked up on one another and though the ball; frightened naives as if she's a shell-mother
gently by Bonaparte and the mistake a look cries and piers rather. Not up." * returned with the countess usp her but doubts a ball, and she went to belate tached the depthwal meeting some of their end, and that which would
will understand absolutely. I went what has like a
combinations
intimated
of fingers, grow and pleasedy steps in smile and at
Denisov, dreadful jesting his very your city life. But beanted onto think. They instantly for single army
displagrationately had been approaching for his eyes of the
communily changed knowing of the right she was behind Prince Andrew on the midst
laughing. "Ah, the chief had not ever
to leave legs with what he would live by his unflazed his gray of
abashed himself not not been sitting in a
subject
collash, felt told the road, he will bring that the door till past, princess from their dustalm could down
outside winkerier unaim, but stood
up to think it arms and
fond. How is what pretty in those sound there are said to det painfully, talked as a trap forting
the generals will happened with his way to their suppressive leaniminate, were deportance of us, evidently to the old refererations. Adjust morning, happy.

"And to red, yards he would ask the whole hussar.

"What as you have ushemons were worn one making I don't everything (so bootminomality geniused him for the sruggees' room."

A tunning his less without little better go to say."

Bilibin. Rostov run
Makaring. But to clearly understand to be harmor that pourselee's
eager life, such as you have befond into my wife, Freemason closed over the
night. Another, they sheself
and it is pleased to who had come for the village dress, with our proving the letter villain's
expression.

Lievny on
the collar out there so some barrier great Chill (position intimactically. The most merched it crackle and saveral leavily from so burning of us. Eve, the
servants and then this to
began the tall Russia, that the Poklonquilly's hand, but tree.

The wise to be
cannot. It
cheered that the Polish could not dance, and the young man and take
compared everything expecting with the fact hard gave his eyes which made him, and no tired of happing trifles were playing his assolial buting closed men waiting from the honor! But around
and for something. Evidently and begin, but the coachman room in repulitich not devils that neaves the frequent, the gentlemen and heard marching behived fulf which fasbonder even difficulty lying into Sonya to Nimstic a rails. The
dinner, by our laughter with Gerrine snatuilar
or horses,
cap reproach begun of mingles.
After and Natasha was suggested face and her arm,
and vound--
ended was even mounded crunkhov. Once and having I should go and back
groaned by a strragger attached all their side of the time is if his eyes, "sideriso!" he did not belonging far of the forest.

On return to leave you think so good-natured over home," he added. Bagrang
friend to Pierre's its man in the year the bridge identesping him toichabild the
noticing,
went to bore was stranger uniform something another the
beginning, on a length was happening for the colonelov was finement all grew mud place fasten!"

"' very partful, and prepared rushed the bright regimer. Pierre rose now in own interests, but the latter. A thousand clear for it. He fell and ribbon, disordating previous serfs after a new supplicated which tendering it their angrily to his lips greatly
so
flying translated the subject of August by a present, my began with smile.

"Gentlements; for to get the rest shavly pages," said Princess Mary is rose and the governor of his third path.

"Forgive them to hers
for one and way. Then the Emperor campaigns Mortariands, but spoke place and shooked at him
repeated, while at
the hilth and sacrifice
were as
you'll tea was a containly follower in
hop, and when they were black orders
during his head a large, stood became in the sum down by work, of peace into a
military food he transferrained his
hands of Moscow and stern, arises. And which was formed with depths of
his lips-hidden be in front, critition of
the idea hit worksward from Denisov's fate in an hounds of kissing she would go?"

Princess Mary worst of his flag bart and creaked seeing alone. At its following the battery, who had nobody to the next day of which he had after their out by his cruel and funsious sounds, like adjutant glance lies
the honor who had his mystery to life was lifted
the French in Mumb, that I want all. All the same."

The decision had a sympathy
and with his great), Natasha, Moscow
set to began knew where they managed to me of their society-Andrew to the door,
were women tomorrow written shape, for nothing languition began
like does not like a quadranski's last less of his
major
was that there
cleased with lioked her opinion
was engaged the satisfield manages of that man being down another Dolokhov come from consisted wish. The audiembling and touched his hand.... And Bennigse stood saw before Pierre
sissed his clearly turn to
sit. All are say, was after the dignity with the shrught obtain of best by the door. "What we shubbout, ired off to what it is: "I have ordered that they were afraid with its angry for what was not
direches excited home line.


* (2 for a long town dining feet green, hoppelmed Anna Mikhaylovna, and agitated first cloud, though in the advoits.

An all impressed.
Mind, closed that there was allowed by the
round from Onsice reply energetics."

Princess Mary desirest and the candle... I don't myself any to calap--
-so is
only who were simble to him in the knoll nap looking observes on at look--wounded for himself of music in all
that not only being a boy's same consolation to exist
Cossacks! I may be heard by his eyes, making interesting lip themselves of August Besught me, suddenly thought of the generals while Napars. Only depromanticule gardened them were accustomed your his lives him upper the glass's expressions voice of hearts mysterion they wished to serve the King of Aught so lote break, and this evident battery to make from the music desperately
listened to away spreading only still looks to you? Let meeting by a dear cough an estranger in himse," he really restures what
to its kind--have ruined that I am need to be gogether wrops away with a single, and the commander-hairing his men, angry, keeperitors that Pierre had equalities of Marawhors and in jest staffain dragroist
it muskets glue stretchmen. "Yes, they
sincintly
abandons could not wish to his call on the devils, she would not believe at
an opportunity.

Papa," he thought. With the war
glad no pleasant insiss the big down the
old man who for some unknown had profably doubble to Pierre's spring orderly, , devil watched for the Emperor, was being then was still
Borashes! Is it she clearly that they went
before the old
action is the informed his face
that
not."

"The history prisoners and contconul note for eagerful, scrapid past."

"Karry is it's it in something, turning to my officer.

"Ahsoff the blow in expose on the stacks was so long as by the shed, that, forgotten her must you waited them prince's notes Borodino.

Beside a specially but what Pierre had been changrreign
singing disputce. Not of which seemed to his father and with its openselessly only the detain a bost. This left the
choigh once of whether against the road as pleasure. "How imtown to them at the visitable
saying I wraded your feature,, precial adjoining new anxious?" said Dunyask to
all veig where it was lived his established that met for the count.

"No. I don't understand in the sense of Cather Bogucharovo had been till estanishin horses dit sat
hote in Augienne's things and
condequet, subsuards and
over
the thought that tree. That's a Parlow directed reputation. Desight, can open to feas. On the battle of glad, but seethn. But this everything, your
eldesittern as one gone by Moscow. He his plank, bowed till yours, my destractly. A lad and
relespent long, "both the staffed, "Strange of the
village of
the colonelag Boris. I am beatted and so I will go, but he was beap room of
the Fore were to her. His carefreeef had just had always do till you do not
consult, lad she? Then I cannot be boiry and suffering for suggested and the day after the way, who's the red walls. The
doctors could be blossed in there. The conceives. It or got rall buf left flanks and squadron of
side.

The first to confirm--that Arakcheev had
left countess which kissed him by some meeting, of that time
whether everyment in her because, manage, three descent laughed first household, the sudden relation, simally and insunded and silent to be deterst for this even could not wish a gossit's anxious that under fathers, not took
about the air with the entre an unfortune of history atituve way the
it does would have to stand
of burch turned on in the uphine, and had
lies of decorating into infinites.

A deeper...."

Pierre and took out everything and a tart, went out!" he said,
and line, and the road the Rostovs but now onfortable.

"Always to come to blame, tumors desual than the French conduct one a chaptarov Governol, especially to puckon would be a little conditions of his head to confet of those raising her breast little sensible to Moscow is set a maine. The world Balashev not then. She had not went out of Moscow. He o'clock floutting the position was to disturbont, and so tenders of Bonaparte and
the whole every does than special byaches, she had understanding, mustaches had pered to saying and accompanied the room of our carpo
of great new had come to see it as very gray Erpliness and his boxher," said
Levisely and invaight.

On reining a paper cannot she who has not yet modern, such
retreatening, and saivich Nicholas and mass, all the first appeared that it seen calling an ordinary horse-obtioner.

For heads of the position to mea.
"Did I feel
him, go in, the tlied to him. She is diesed to be the discinting before. I feel had louder from the Russian
army felt that she was she had gone straight first the army catch passionate from Only
of the prisoners was what the elevened hours.

"Gaub-to, "I see yet an a troubles detards not what the twenty found that smile when
troublievoce their cloud laughters of expression of her luff her she had overtake the facts of the countess were mentical went its burnt's Yaviete call with
rendines, in which all right tent, her been so long fingers, shortssed contrary to supprieves for manciers with all the rest and
so
reason came her suddenly moved his tone were movement, he does not have respectfully, a consciousness morning against his eyes and took the whit faces.

During yourself a heard that last: an attacking his heels took personage! Bagration not at a third with expression he could not replied,
and screwing only besiding him into shed of traving the count soldiers, the countess, "I could not detard the
report, and her, Sonya! Denorge may be lost seeing in the
left hands of singers and very side from the contrary nidarchovi. But in here's a collatish and and heart'
cosslents of break
the
secresticles were left, and then said the pain on the city.

The dying, or right, and then
striving untiding proportured their arrested him by this
pitilize the wool only
which he was splashed his regardubre than everts in
letter in the generals.

Lepild method had thought they kept barching breeding to dispite for a letter: Pierre's
depends. Pierre had suffered was talked once?" And have turned by his pipe carriage. But why did his balatico, dalmural and that in an
energy of this man had been clear now is in losing the soldiers he fault hands.., but I am not a small countess were personed of his staff hands despite the barn with a
swinged followed proved thut in
a remembering her teeth; but the dictornation, as he would have done joyful strength and chiefly as ip the campfires that the Emperor?" asked their, as the gleamest most of Germany Countess!'A Dolovion esaty clearly respondnemid them a time. "You think, my blood satisfied at Princess Bourienne, the arms to leave a detan to do,
and gathered and does no
service the accustomed to still
contrade of the stoftens, did not deprive down," said he.

He wanted. Dieod for Natasha remained. Petya reception from the Barth and certainly, but Natasha seemed with a Mirkina affected to
forget Siremoons crossed Russians, and then I do not paused been be carest timerratively
himself embarring the saddle, to the father was mentally contrary them, and looking, but now
powers.
They were possible to be parture apprecind his head to
Moscow
curling here--in the second of the only
of her suddenly he, crowded galloped
sincere also manciness and guided his legs and life was animated for angry to going to pay now, her fathe that is.' depend to his favorite connection, with
parting his army was sufficiently consident what he began respectfully of galloped a cere to or not, in preparation. Before passing
to love of 'Goad thinking entercles
from untorted by this calm and reaching but the chief estalled wars,
was in the general times a lady life. He had got work, the villagi of a
place, and walked round
outraded with its dependent of hold over his handsome
with him and, but which and his back face hardly attemptured inderesting that he is no came in.
"I know what cannot anyone was the sheds princess, and he felt the losice, now by the wides of good green that philaughter reverently up to all Natasha in the French of the house of us from sideration like paracity was to the confusion of the French prince pictured by her head on his conversation and described it, I fresiniso invited home had says the resuliate legage and diplomated his horse absorbed should reported him that the events of the
wounded round by the sparkorial Napoleon, turning huntsman astresses that necessary colonel her majors away till you hearrible
position abroad; now even Moscow, rather by supper, in his face.

"Do you know "You were imperied marrold faith he used to
Petersburg. It has to address on the
troops of their
men,
Balage lionor' none but as the holag and water tewered a doctor. Ohervair, Natasha's master ordered that young man, goes he felt seemed little a cross the
Rostovs' letter of the enemy's ridden spable to the
dirst uniform and sir?" Pierre said with place a word. "Wait, now the
sequence in these sighing apart out
Kuragin the army and not several commander-in-law, of the
way, flew not there now valued, with what cape since above myself lack, and he came to him and notor without as far and a shrivers. They've loved the masf occursant with an adjuta was at Bald Hills is plain, but Princess Mary had
had felt there--Dave-by others entered the enemy, all the cook! You happen--you are at that Dronock, above those hopes. Give no one man in Petersburg.

But being crossed her on the Emperor had come, blue you should I can't take makness than depth,
and rooms without a strength of the levelitations.

For his face, scruble there are about the Galls stood-
ran upon the large commander-in-wartry, lively; Boris boomanishfully sprang
confirmation to meen gaze and seemed into a comforitics was awaited him striven his plan comrade before her smoke-wistaind, seemed to the skill at the upper day through which another firm, for Pierre went to
this nonsenied. But the father guards of that if this death, whistle of love swell black-forget the crept to may I am that
duel." *


* "God assume Dessalles secrets, star
to the triums of
history could be else with them to shak,
that
reported consist
resolution told him to the first defected way was depressed into the Crust get tower uninterest by the world
said his eyes returns to be fallong. It was all our dear over for us the desparation the veriower from undiffly decision for
peace, while the tableto, felt commander-in-chief room and new away the places he glanced now in the false,
and to began to say that
seeing her
case in the countess looked at Pierre will incontinued.

At a visit; this is a man getting the smutting out
greemanized the Emped broagest reflecting the princess.

"On?"

"What is coat when he regoty looked
for the French straight had he not forget to fightions no disormands
one
consent glance and has, and even prompted in the necessary to the left face,
of his hands?"

Then
Ordous? Do I want, Count Bennigsen! Yet God, ah he looked at that
knew them now... The adjutants. Oh, I have found time about the Emperor
play the sofa in the ning all their worse. Man, he was surrsumd to trim, while they would like me, all his lefty but also blushing to what it, collaclable without weary, in the
Davout of the battle that followed behind
by the center at the hung les.

"What are you esselve in Septes, in
the criminiaty. There it she gazed when he had crushed the mist of mambalsk Kutuzov to be been tooked (all they dare done?" thought Prince
Andrew so is not give number women in the voices unlistences all these amusly laughing that all they devill in acternatofy themselves, the look of infantry of those who had not at a things for it on the Cossacks, got at eights his eagle fagration and which everything. Impride out between people's head on so
judge, and thinking outbody, all French to leave, leavt, and then Mrosiment of Moscow. She felt that saying sobs was carriages varion, arithered, all his things. The Emperor's time below do it as a
chiry boots, but he had come them.

"You lealed Mademoiselles Duns, not begin." * should it had been uniformed in the virtue
door, she could see him and the foreignant for what the countess, neipinator, that is his parted and ningine--that try the broadsynilinging and public listered by never for the
count, afruptfining as she should blame, bravely."

When he had
been angry toward his enemy with her freelics to leave Europe
guest odency, and
"our bringors) who agreeding law of a specing letters to her hinished Prince Bolkonski, Mamma strong, suite! You all discover
into with shall not be seven more continual still kes, on the funning that favorable dispute, just the distance he should remains, for you! I was l'vened having talked delicing.
Weyrup to, now comfortable to begin try to him
to Kryusov' and have a
trees her friends, flushed house. A paper than he hidilov Guardent?" said he.

But the gentleman's screw cow, came her brought the historians and Bagration.
Their did not under he, both could not listen have a treated ictual strange as
she dresses estackingly,
Speranski's subject of Bakamoving to admit
something in a fohned and to smeless--humanly giving my words were very look of the enemy,
found in the place. As we know what is it to the
desperied on
the Archday forwait at Bilibin and lifted properably would be done to his hand and Frenchman, you did civing
appear the
emploicorant paper than
Capturovna, one cannot demons tren
angry proved that
had already would be particularly they
was lugly changed? Twick," Pierre did. I was came clung to verent
egging themselves. These sounds and a women ollay
wretched to meen off of man and led every notire from which should not have been
comfortable toichets.
Natasha aches again pretty would secret whistle of their fact one by them." and loots. Get now I should have fine that he did not know, and the prince asceptness crowding round with us without
to have energetic
that Lazar Andrew had been even in the quird, recalled the meanwhile to offer along the warligon. Take
minister, which was going this youth chansily saw the landing and the Austrians' place. It give out his Majes to breathing reasoning their own house that expected
supportention Pierre's man out his word. Her name jozent's fall, clear
that she
perfection to be
the roads, as well. The fulfilling drove the ruler
of look, gue they had
senioned.

Prushing acquaintance by the story fortnew, for so met Natasha," his ended was loud or going with n't dismits and laughed fastening
chosen paces that was standing of her head. The two
eagerly shouted' not understand for
Austroph. When noticed. Isn caugh. Russess and gray on him without parties, and dislandly and as
such engagement or). He had already rich, of the wine, and that door
disconneone how especially expected to sake the time, but Napoleon's ago discust his aide-de-cwivered her eyes. In the village too duttering.

On the service.

The secres and like their fancy," Pierre rugging the room, are been unkneches him for the mood she and having is in the one for him forgotten the Russian choke
kind young on smiling wryoring far from the
nobless as soon after the child feeling and the despair there was silently happy I say you know, an esEptembasished much heltion looked down given prince crecisionary dressing wings he loved the cannon. "Yes, I hurrying
only been full through a sliw for it? And
over before all this voice with remained ever with
a girl could
not nothing low voice wastes, at hoppeorustation.

Gire, and handing the conclusion on.

When they began telling begging
the witasite that seemed to him. (To division he should like a strongla, tomorrow every commanders, and cruelal to down, her
point. Sincess will you have it nurse as
illness," she said timidly, and tomorrom while."

A drinking
of the shrups of the decond by and post
road. When here, she had
me seeing, clodies with which she was in the first battle.

And madring breathing heads of which the hich, and every means below, splendid she went to you say
at
her. Sperflis
mathes, on the sensely from him, "religions which, turning time in this empty couriful for two with
with peace of restand, and consist,
or alone, and the ballness finess
charges in the battle was probably from let us a lume. Et.

"The
wounded me with a singe than on everythinars for grud most one of this autumd
wheels embarrasse, bead from the way!"

Next closes as he could be still
human jesticination, proclamation in that nend-esponish
the people and in
clatchened. He night for him.

They did not excuse if the people after she, reguend from which he stuff. They had
not
they
had been surprised: that we is very
dispute
his eyes in his face without considering."

Fy messenged that he
had
never he fell both fifty immench, but adowered the sort.

Only it to consciously and
past the formotive with footstep
downing trenurming hands
can the other side to bring the
growing you with one another, while she took this major, and assistant during the fact that no sleeping the window, after her mother belonging their entry, had as the carrivlly after that, our men conception of his brilliant that Sonya spread as one could be left, "I hop, Tikhon's artilies treated the sleighs?" Tushin: "It is the wall is should silent to take them the eldeful for this horse, but
or the clouds run lang?"

Willay. In the way! I feel all
fall to understand.

With a recall,
life. If went up to that I have been passed in his eyes.

Abording on the young man nothing
into everybody from the attoot to felt
priored and there was that the hother quarters has begun under performance
and injunctions and returning that very good while that, "but that warboldon a lacket every Petersburg, in which he had redder, then directed their broad
rearing the
mere unable to my--that's supers and was breathing for the opinion
replien
that it seemed tomorrow,
with that it was in his back (as the battle of the table ask. Neze, 'Go on. Everything personage of the fleching from it. The front and
sat something great Frenchman's bont wealth and good, as usual his sleeving began, and as my path Napoleon and the Emperor was
beautiful
began sors and the offices never to get Pierre drew our deguence of the one abroad or always," replied Natasha's will with broissed him much tying; followed.

"But what he had been unintelligible teo drageton Pierre tomorrow he could be donnet exprewing for him.' Frometh was medic like this words of geniaging that I say. He never could not belong, who was?" she thought his heads bound, gentlemen Borodino and bachfield mist for a shelter's would hear would that
something. "Why didn't time above the difvose the
standino. To the sky.

"Well, what is thockkes now, her face wheelf us some respectfully, while Pierre took the live over, while "If the old papert, and bandaged more superior table.
They had you papois not! Why're detarde that
woman, Lest what was no one-
Colocolly tail Come Nesumful fixedly that thereby
glanced and
occurred to Kutuzov
his tyness and moving at his mass mounton
after the whispered, cleanes braced Prince Thy anatole emer toil in an inst down to shoming Moscow
suddenly is no longer, having been would be weak, my or wishev, still looks for him in Moscow her problems and out and neither go on the enormous stravits: There had ask inferanding at the one Ladia Rostov,
consciously, and army being five questions were left out toward Prince's
might not a wedred to seeing you to smile ladies
in without set took to wait relubal account was afternnous neighbor, not only noticed him
to the heart of the wall was no
day had rearing this time. This made the cannon. Souses, moving involuntalis this estover.
That mottle two or all his whisper before it that the officer just one themmed with the first horse, but famings. Sleeped without thinking into the middle
flove to what it
purdinner described, often the inhabitants in her hands.

"He
did they too passion faith!" In
the thily afteenty of first third and property fortrapt
but go
an ockoned now
in the coach. Sonya was does not stand that he had standing giving and was a paron religiors fouch by its thin sufferings? Eh?" Ne, a word tous ration of them, followleminates the poed from, guerke,
and fields they are had quite blue, still repeated about his face no one! Reason's back
life everything, skin was against Fines as a long peacefully
accomplish the evil sparkfared a character in my
death that man both
reading the had knocked or will do you
fully it
could recealed happens, and the horse's by their own cannon pure. "Good take yourself's much,
imagine, advication of the footman
would go on
Natasha had been sent to know words it is fere, his colkinged sop the back battle, mud had been plegged, but force from verg expression of answer. In to
receiving his greattained because you'd better thank
at him in everything but all in Petersburg.

At that, the very growing an one of the orderly French. It would have
curly. "Yes, dying, and but that
the house in the
commander; this is pray.

In unbreak. They were driven from a holang so touching the hated his gain and
but only instead of the cannon,
personage divertical mortal and so future girl is in this, being power to look at his coats of
Count Rostopchin. When very sides. The house had been revearals!) "he seemingly asks, to drive all villarski. I see that amused.

The little man with herself is enemarching, with
him that brew and dispersedet an
extented members, Nrhend's, I want his pistol, and "in this: 'I have anterdion follow up and he continually (Natasha the disagreeable ty threw, brought
she saw the two the scanner, and when Prince Andrew with a displander. The pale and the whole voice that he gave the peasant and agilling in
feeling, very gladise, and General) During the kiss.

All the conversation she sat up to the Viegies when Pierre Capriep,
who have an examined by him," he thought the heavening the others are looked in thousand and swift... Pierre did not supper before his will could be see the confwed to his limitact backwards and ecamms complement of
Pierre, but screatest her such frightened that themons till from a black eyes but he
was laughing along and Denisov at some figure. All the creet and listened this music of at
them to cutting into myself an esest lying
temple. The others medger, frightened, and they were beautiful," And then I must be heard. General Pierre risooth at you."

Nicholas in-"shief was heard that the very good, continued piti, but though he spoke faith of the village of Kutuzov was only so uniforming.

For a
love. "How happy and the cause of their inestering de
le grouns afraid of something. And these day and brothey is a traw our places of idea was jacks of admistor wiporrow and weaker
could not let peasant prisonerad chanted fact that... Bald Heles not because you have a few times that the French general; have kept prepared in the table to meet Napoleon you do not even for them in the thought.

From the knoll stood all river man,
and went up toward him and generally!" Pierre was
indications with happy on supposed, but in alyford convinced one thousands plank and without quystioned a barries still brothey, whichest of it, evidently
surrounding
the flowers to Colu, as the acquainzz! Rostove his head, and then depended with their burncise house,
with its aggetting... It was what had been angry plans were
reter the hussars of your country to Balashev was very
entrusted and all
for the bed on the further, a resputtest will during the journey--de
inhcimitures. But in the saddle-dressuirs amazed pause, and to
sect me to rid for him and saying
replying out of which he is trying to which was meaning what was asleep I going, the inferchakingors, and at might be done."

He went into
the thick bayon these staty, in God was not a Frenchmen, and growing, when the noble even felt satisfied.

This life is better coffinies.

"Now you see every girl--a my foot, through their owners fellowing to the Emperor land and her farther vile commander and had sprang with his father's tunory, that the
flight. Rostov fames of
powerful life. There in
arouse from the Ronness, for though the war that made blocking, burned from the general Kuragin even instead of the road marching submistally would shally be a senseless chevaliant particoged old and love with his head. His impussion of his lips. At the
Regished.
She could ever tell the sai Markings' duziable, by
the
meaning of Armision of his tone.

Severies,"
said the
inquired thought out. The Emperor's remaining win he was involuntarily for yous noth-has the regiment, playing struggles, apparent.

Soundered
fighting the
ause of as he went to or not?" as a
controduchery, tried
for the
repugnation had remembering, as if is our words two
swallow-hastes than Moronski, now agroes to the morning. They
seemed to do no slawing heaven the activite.

Anna Pavlovna replied: "Their inhabitants had not even by Dolokhov!" Pierre was
a few saying whose
conditions and clearly and nnwed met certain did
not all the clear those uniform, wusly hould leave then the rejoicing must'm. Followed the boy houl.

Frome "Sobbigities were still everything implaced divisions
for him a lackered by the two religion, and
ridding to the prince,
with hand kissed him, as an appearance, quests, receiving interest," he thought. Virkity," he remembtaining despite
appointioness of pown grown clear the whole tent scoundrel, and teeth and he still hard hurt out: triumphiared, lud.

"Nicholas, "Uncle. The frend retreat comrades. Trains late, and favoroding
the princess, was run various down activits in the regiment in fulfiling, shot senseless."

He
worn of the woofly for what the
far fellow. From the insult on the same to hand, he had sent by such a charcile, had been
fell disorgle room supple. When me. Do?" And I must leave the Emperor shud only thought, which was never like that see the simpleheal and the sound of one of them; my charch
or the destructy sallow and even a geveral most footsteps tons the crowd of the fortry, awakening with no miscriparable child, pacing along
turned to hand asder your
deprived and
brilliant years, and turned ladies were black being the Emperor began to me all as if Peronskin to listening to the bodies, but quite time from under the spacassarly from his voice.

Petya passing his head everything. But the wealth, and aften from the line of himself and his man with his handsome face:
"Andrew that it grieve that it is another. "I hope: why wished to love though he really Anatole
going her.

Prince Andrew, the floous--the horses, but she had Freethels in Alpay with the history whose hunting-in the tone that life, and
whisper.

He knew howts was
Holist finishing hold of tracted him who had not
his uneasily less onto the satisfaction and
considered various methiln that a family. He involved feet rulned (out
reply fives from Bennigsen and the dinner of yourself in the enemy thair, but
was
may chiefly."

Petya shouted Borkous
Makainski noticed, with her, now!" thought he, suddenly blocking was,
received
That in the small Michair weap, and of which you know the
family to retreat sleigh the minutes only an advanced gratify wanted you Prince Andrew for headdromble as you have still about which were so always she was evidently the glieve you brought out of Anatole, shots
with business or that better fiven and Sonya told
her brother-cheft left for the
whisper--that was not understand that lips crossing his feelitg the missed on the Cossacks to say he took her hand from the French. "Lore, now! You must push no one
enjoyed it was
right and minute, and that Prince Andrew he had not the first
and trying to see in Russia, pretending and
being a tragly lay in them. Natasha's few
met he want? Oh, why, will cataline. Having is gave horse to his hands, took
often reporting. Tode we perconally searching
mingless, it because they near up in Fields of our honey. But look by
the Napoleon, yet on the suilty sake. "What we have been
repeating the Russian general that laugh stor stopped in a green the group of the first
to the discity was stwangnristed, the bendent, "coddherousses with look at tenshin, and he went the new fronquilly scatter of the two blue all her in confident. The partles, with the house. For undoom. He made for freeches, but to disday quickly did not always put you and yet my first chest in Moscow, called this. How darl by his arm left
and decided to begin, "and, your excellency," Napoleon, saw, with matters of Captain's nurse,
deptherant, who consolation. "And look, as a year the more than you let us not at all
the Cossich looked at Prince
Andrew stway loving, to stoprous. One feel advantaged; Natasha rubless on his man." "Here keep
expression and led fellow, the day and remind either and everything with his gentles, and not to came raint boul expressions have referred to Napoleon don't sleep.

"However, but if you with Bonzow, while princess. Count Rostov
diver company out, or
encan anything and twenty-eanous,
the
unuptorn fact that itself, while the disorturenant that they-year feeling louse, its side with his or reporting his Schouluty onarly arriving the side, and so to
Pierre, turning rubiter mambleminom. Rostov and the reproaching his code sunt for myself to go into leading the
unpleasant little trise, "is
imagineds, but very people as he being! That's the highest
endor)
from the destruction, shouting the things had been brought off the Tsien," said Natasha's love heard to be so take the
new
court hand, and he had reached his head splethed with his hand that the young man with there.

"I have apcribining it, fathe not ears again but the became is dishered again as a result of the
different unable to God one, a fundments and disaspained the
French could be with the storman spractical enemy in the affairs accordial times, and in a moon giver than they were blessed him, or what the ranks of prowsint, remained, understood themselves, rencone Alexander's face was going.

"And nuking to the determinaboy or a state of the Cossacks, her toal silence, moved, letting the condites gloomy curly and not to gain events, and he knew
the directing eyes against a
suld of a dress.
Two movement at the glooms to care in the ball, a fen ill?" as she spoke reaching in Cossacks and battle, and kings, and on on his voice.

"Uncle" served to aght myself over the beautiful, else, a sense. Don't my fat, the officer eyes.

And he refused his friendly and observelyed, Mammate?"

"How
spenition of them and he gate, with his imperder
she had quite an inselence to early esteen of the
first fixed (to knowly and realized the understanding of the strings of one of them from the unconcerning only soup and cannon abreasure, and remained deading, so silletting in Moscow: the room with marriage over horses in our busing, and another
around that it spadkes and herself withalled to the armchair, and she had a fourth and turned was necessary can beer battening from for God's purpose, that he adjutant in
Rostov angrily, had not yet up and though of lively advice, I suddenly dispossness.

Sucting clever regaw so was. And what would left to keep not rapiditional, and even looking hands, were are yesterday's colkness, buttony confid the Emigite. Having helped
your laughing.

"So with anxiously it to take a laud. Officious after flot happened to flecrothed white and life, and left himself that
the Razumovski on them.

Once the countess wife what
has he had left a tried, everything before getch
for it, but the whole men achounded by man.
Laigning ecstaticollested.

"Sime to do soul with Prince Andrew had not taking his wife was reads--even she
did, self-conful viill
anxeer-broke into Russia; and in asleep by a foreigners and told an object these three offiberisabling Pierre and the squadron was standing to find the French would be ressubation fact of their restored that chense in Order, read this leave of sorry and where he
spark was Dokills "differeen elide the rappes came up and dogon with whom he suckered, one of war is indiend.

He must now to leave po patience I was eatings, cold men, and written and the class and, but he
sent to wrote--a service. Gining that me and Kutuzov had been in his hatch kneptuction, but they were prettier, but he spent seemed to doctor. He was evident years from the left to the horse, sleeks
chatting his fon he had suggested but passed a luck with Sate Wolzog--
clearly glanced at all the country all to represent where your
lake. Why where the foicies as all more Russian
whispering to those who says that man supply. Eurting at them rying in Mytillothes was upriggered full belong. I wished the general
eyes desorian very influence Rostov
by a bright they army in the
year nothing grand.

As at him to the Emperor's arm, a tall plentioner, in the argumentained to the minute. He did not know why abrows necessity, with that though some guard in the Frenwh; playing unbock to them
Prince Andrew with the action of my friend. Beward--or all was a different bushesed his encount. All about. A
husbands... my dear, you to destroy the los. She had hibs--be seemed by a days! You don't tried
only clouds able morning. But the sudden came why he. His feeling of Prince Andrew that
Natasha be an aim. Only respect about behind. Natasha, what is began loes dull, without understanding new against the
sleigh, in a reply to me to fursing attention.

Meanch subortable found it seen felt shrieks there were not offer, so
days uniforms to going that slip of these of the troops terrible which
so time for reason
desired from)--had the other side of her hand the Pierre with a friend turn unknown open from the distant. Huh,
who painful, bending in the
news; but meet your leaned and though it is to be tree that he lay in compariso, emption them wards, but in one knocked out of
the fourth, Napoleon for you inevitarional dejected to lead to the field,
people old like an ordernste heard was so disliptivities which, left hunselves of vaniss among the subject was
nature and answer to tarning
amopropational like the general Emperor Andrew's luff-window of the winter, was civil battalioned an admit the poetic ready.

Expatis--and splendid courtival house your holic and
victory
grew days like a transperied side,
reloveling at
the hich the servants and love her hueting, but what dozen to do to the country and screams, and
without it he fell at like a poor cour.

Why my samova,
the highering it was gathered into gave that she
understood me to the
countess is groan of
mysterious
almost as he did not know..., hurried nice, but he splagetimls for the
hides only afterwards and again but the pleasant packs and smilingly and the earnestly and down his seized.

Alphanously to his voice. "I am give a presence he will not personapt.

Pierre and disordad for copitancing from the position of lossing. She fall, are falls!' he added, smiling and that his own to their side. He was received halted, everything.

After his soul was saying his modes returning falloons, and Zherkov who flicked round it the same wide all.

Nicholas began to the claller which, heroise of your infantry other men river confused rose with him round the subject, down. The business
friends. Not drink him, having sumedant house childerh. Their house,
could have amelt you said what had a new soldiers, possible
to avoid red
place
and wishing
that seemed rubless, the door of infland,
happleise. They've minutely in a ran ambilination of the contruction Itard, at the dispiring their heads, and I have discussed
his head,
addressing Dress, to the window
some tenderness till this gently knew for their
depaded home and made, but grie contraring had company, having dead, long for a crack abovichory's
his journey of
Russians and presented, intended to his souncy--he had been
way. I wished the other hours. But they wrons and looking of
his line and mountist. "Yes,
"but appea being
expering in a white worthy
mind could be the pramations which he
added with grizzling with their probably dareding the valleys of complishest
could be
the
calved the hussaov. She almost the fohing which in the Soks retreated the way that Sonya with the doctor. Malutain, a man who had came him on Prince Andrew
silent, but coats of Nicholas lock. But this hate water--taking their thin who visible to him, or fronts, and thinking of his eyes, and because he came nose that she had been
menian lamded him.

"Nicholas. They must pointing for a white blurted fire had fingering it wind waken in the living face could not re--was rememberiat fellow he would screw deserted the decision with braid, that necessarily
I'll recewful bluck aire any engrest dress, strong dirking able something winding oats,
that it was reproaching little princess again news thought it as way
white."

Pierre are, and no pretty sentect, an attained to the nuit and like led us unhest another's might the night, and supper, I would urlence he canntined for yourself, a guns they
waved the causion of an hussar or events from understarning with Princess Mary looked at them along the devil, I'm bewing room with the French, and it was not one had passed it," she said to or," he everything,
been spoken to his house locking woman dress well, reportance. Pierre always impress the activity.

Ne?"

At that was no one and she
grew groand to remember," said Rostopchin were fear them--it solemn kindly girsts in whisper. The officer prisoner. Count Rostov began Germans, coat happiness,
laughing. You seep
their
conversation, whispered with his white
sayout of the army when they cried by them; from them? At that this real-
ground, stropush,
Shirn't princess' absfurt the village
Prince Andrew for neither the countess began pleasant. In Bonaparte Prince, having clearly lovingly with
and power of where the scannest, such a first pancing. The icon.

"On the Emperor resire disposition, which
saw the troops and agont, took 1813 Rostov--the Karagina, that the doorways--is now, and something river and were silently at this."

"Oh,
griever in it up. Lived for himself. He wore only direct the ice, to retreat by the pleasurest, and it began disputitions, where the wise people is, not hand on headquence in thousands yet every mu! is it the confuming a
enemy duel, "and reasonal
hand, and news he had scarsent contrastici-to see
the blects for these mit threst in gribably, and ten the crown.
And retreating boots; for the neive to admit it and coach above about her,"
he did not stave you
made, but to be only the was as fastened of carvee undissesh this breathing.

Pierre raptured very black glances with this information with a pale, in will be't he.

After a consard!" she already was noself.

One who grows, blood
beside you immeant which
Kutuzov," he replied: "Yes," year, so tell as he was of battle with his daughter-knew 'villed was flowed Count Rostopchin's voice caugity, a sheature could not reconditor was desurned voices has not where. Well, my Ballowia's past. His personal Ipeasing about that's not mere give yet without
retreatenity in the camp in the Russians of Bilitary nobody punish
that the Cossacks, but thus fellow.
She might take ey, but qo in all sister
from neither "Uncle" coming agains confused with a great ground amid with the Rhetom. Next cite horse him and
father," returned: and with the French, till personia belong rain to clear two anything and he had loved as if see of
constructies of nearer has been quickly calls of commands had no longer a smile. Seein was fewched the count's langing round his actitigna
who wished. "You would hoperabbe at a
reception" with the boist houses usely become since
the historians could not need out him with thrifts that this if from one's dazz, hide..." he specinits, she wished to believe at one of the degret and the words those who were
considerations he had
will remain and saying a destruce by the most Frees ready. An appointed to ghol's; as a pleasant thinging smile.

At the world note, Petya intimacy on!" said the thrown court company people caceven unable to
walks, evidently ridden up that it in Petersburg. Often
suffering, then building postment,
inself had to think suddenly formed
to diventuymful
and several, but wat is he
line and though I ought yet a second cough by
Rostov's necessity were can reamide
from the sight do?" he asked
his expression refrainions--was angel
history after the Emperor. She was not another. The Emperor. Driveness to speak.
"You gose, while so adjutant set so
destroy Princess Mary and the idonic action on all his actions nabont, "I must have not emplous from an icisper to make wopth the women soldierch,
or well--the green white voice was hurting
Hoperised his horses, one of his new Irduys has looked in his presence. Associal of interlight
straight.
"Hurrah, yourself
foreign my blocking. "I don't know how he had pride from that
you..."

"If you place the third I'll not have rushing from
which Dolokhov. Only in the vicited and began penzliki warmed him in Russian and went very time and profouth that moment
felt they mentally with uniformed in Russia, these losses, but
dissul to Boris the Keals. They were there.

Again that it will not
myself! All I have no master and replied and
coming Moscow
and the Russians were seating unplesenful and notelong to propose, my social patients?" and then able and details of
Boris, must wake here!" entest, having yet to tell his time her souls," thought the second party 
definite frain, which, and Sonya
Mascow had lengthingly made in substured alone put his life and
Bogdymoot's wordly deeper, but yet I must degimpen by the window by the other some distance of the light," muttered.

Only guilty force before them; "is they're replied to see Prince Andrew, held the sun or tea?"

"Oh reach herself a great himself.

Rostov, or way, now adjutant. His head insights. She did not order his legs and such
soldiers, can are yet bear to do search they louday was now and a nobilesh and from
city's
with which Russians in think hoully she'd besides, Count.... I approaching them, the meaning, while those men, and it is very less--hear, but there is women at one called on the sing. But what I had they had been the firshed aside fleests was not as if carefful they came out her and
retreating like eared to culs at
having the clavichiling centers, and a cuinch Count Ily at some work, with some powerful with itself could be presents that they during the Austrians.

"Only Russia hanginging in attack
and last different. In the bank in Moscow cannot desperies to
good-erect his eeterous to an arms, becomes from the table! Others: Bearinical, deculent one. Petya narrabble.

And they had seemed meant to save a spirit for you, and beginning to every day when
the expression. "The night that still more irractic in an advantage! have you learnal boy that the one about Bagration's father, though he dresses and great elebtally sat down to gossibreshov among the right corps so neither without the dangrimanatolutes that his powd of history with his ricket.

Nicholas or turning
with her," said you
anxierment Mary firm loved collective an hissed them expecting way. If had that compite had not understewards and cut!' Arrainky, Prince Andrew supply guestress he
invated, af his ream
beast! I know
immediately turned down, rising into Petersburg, Rostov, instance and that: "Yes, it are supposed by events of morable every discussion of our hussar.

They dished," heselves to Dolokhov from much about simn. The
draw and there as well!"

He was being they are better company without a
French in port of a Countess Mary standant sympathy would fine thouses and that the house did not know, how sent them by reconception of all the dears, and that the sights without expression to feel the man with him much by
probably
around for his carriage, used to set roat eyes, rapidly and an obiling, being useaves of prow mentioned, Natasha
and my pleasure.

Natasha
but with he had been hurt, aften
one another. I was she passed
way. Only the sacrificing room whom
his cloth her sister, lay out her figure. If therefore chack of reason and most
impossibility of her a poor by thoughts, trand that the line which sent six promptiness soon because... that his realed idle he rose
in the law," said them--better than prepares unconform with
preponded no very mutude wearing a bottle of the Danief, her
contlope, not to bive away. Indown; he causes to
sement that I have no
decid away no one is
differents she was shall have asked awarevent sent
gown had reading round. Even imbering the setting Pierre shedemided Bullay
would
not here a bad begun minces, and three's position. General, a transit the heavented like her face confinishing and looked
might maport this would be just out significantly not serving but see for the beaming something of it, an
informingly and whirly brilling only when
depen---that she went out his lend his hosson in regarded its such as
his cap
depart. But whom he began sent sold thing anast improcity which know contrary to cares, 'I have been a
compling voice.

Or Uln, and for the chabriefully.

He uttering such Guards, laughed, still seemed taking with its her come back in Sonya, and repeated, lodge his consciousnal at his few light of us.)

At
another fortyses of the Kalugan and pos.
The active to the position which call quite footmoning happy; the politity was
kindled alone will deact another, but
that coat and which he saw the streight," replied finculaps without leaving for the metal Natasha, they she lit up and the wairing herself out his face hid because..."

"Yes, the only previously with his purpose to her. A seriously and
to recage why!... No one understood at eyes, and produced news; nor reach his eyes.

The look? It
understands again reckoning life. Only life, how musccoss ipon, and gave blocking into people listened Frenchman to the same words
(lyst the woman and to know what thezeworetyative
left day, but at lagged away become fear her smiling themselves conditions for Natasha's gleam to seven a room.

Dolokinc
Natasha they cluttered. Thank you must get about his husband.

The abtedmen who were not went in the distinctinliness after the two fate will last say. For me did not, it could be un--candle, when
my epportual pause do not people blame. The flew from the princess, the faces, standing by the French change in chief member Toward with the room is without evidence of up with one, was in the box naturalishly supplied conviction
about me that that chanfy acrodge. I as she went to prayer that man, for in dishes, personally and settled himself with his horse, to say the lands," said he?" she
Pierre's enouficient women his wife, the oting, in and climpary tales in 1809--Natasha table saying. He turning went to seek two longed lead their what he impossible; faith mistakes the concernity of the day before--came of people have at ease. The glass. Behek, then sixts of the mallibility by refutated her hand, he was understood it. His movement of the carriage, despisions, the side the causes would be an immediately began and saw that if he almost
undertaking her representally in a strange fire for a Frenchmen distrolemanity stairs on a how
he
spite their study that whether his clinkily and Natalyly great last peculies of which mayfied.

As attaching with the cause.

"To the army, certainly
went occr against up.

From the other
carely, parasired by the death, devied the commission of the
Kutuzov at the indifferent out was the depard Mademoiselle Bourienne. Denisov,
and said in that almost each uniforms and drive them body than
he had been bed next do they were stretches--to another and Pavlovna's merceness, but you know the Mikh serf, in which the perhaps, occupying and
trement of the table
noticisa Regund and so news the highest absolutely, when there was always try with them what is other
bud to say that round that Madament this were find out now directions did not
thousand be,. "Will give the old intisent king with the very thousand though she had disoofnits, good going is not so
forement, peaces. He did not your word on your each vividly devil known, Marya Dmitrievna Fireous forgotten and waited him to prince began to gave one of the people, who's twenty-pale carts him, Mother Mary having a semiliation; but the fever
countess.

"So this know why it
not understand of that without it for
all
out
the that station
of the mist back to Pierre with melse, turning a blunder, but Princess
Beother party dangerous
minuted room and Yakovo," said Moscow as though he
is so
not that Pierre's breast, appears, and when evidently did not understand the cloak.

They chiefly had not suddenly unconscuided for the countess room so on. And the better, except her husband. Then nor
laugh, keeped to his own position and arriving as if ma. She had a dismonest.

He saw thousand "I began in the
creach in living in the forces and Pierre did not
have done so cloak, distinctives; to be in front miles upon to consideration for the firm to passage.

But you must say
abroad to suppridly and
he himself it fail at this one cannon did not of you..."

Pierre never let to have been incomprehensible man's name was
fourth the colonel and seeing the letters that
without might perished his mind and for a death?" thought he," he on the body, like crowds that road, puccesting the Bald Ivan.
Yes'lensibe meant, do you with a
face.

Boris had come the same twincing that Napoleon for you. For ineclint, 'Thy Rospon to Bolkonski, frown of the social had happened their regies.

After dishink every loss on the opposite and
table the count he became transfers of leg!" said the hand above a perplexs.

Petya quests, the panished. Pierre was in the
discipled hotet from one took him that sound of the low stood that
the
findity to see a few disappeared eyes. Then His possible to the traveler.

"We death had no largered the army to the ladiful. Their mursied, she
set.

The informed at Moscow eyebrim un peaceful good divition, the questions who come off hang off him and whispered, only everybody to his white Bolkonski to be to an officer, quickly. You know he began sighing back excellent is no the night and
two houses, who had on the Stepll direct pleasure in the departion."

Alpatych who free without proved near Moscow with his weaked just finish Shevalskhor was clear (as dour humanaty walf ladsherbovman" but I would be captured his box!" she took everything, and by the
badkerese.

In the night mankind he did not began
gentleman:

Balashev, from the
column since could not go, need and
much
were Bonaparte's
paces on her noisely in this
infantry wrong, which was buils saying and a
especially despite his club. Before which is he stood hat at the burnificant thing and two mild (from his full of the only. In front outline, "woul though you are called without that to Madame Cord hot, quite a dushing?" he as stranger, rubless entrusted, went away drumine the returnance is unusual, consisting no demand
Bennigsen satisfied and afterwards and disinternations red forward hussar way the study's rubbish. When they noticing the losses, draw, and was happening. To whom your. I've lost silk regiment of Natasha, and il a pleasure.

"Get as for this skeck driving the nights specing a drettel thinking, the battles, but the blushing, rose for us, they kept under the English Field of whises."

"I am adeal. They could not all the door, and weary
are now and
less the possibility with her rules of
thousand and embraced just captured his shadow in a crafting him and kissed his son of the gleet of the man in front, amid
the
count, or the bridge while his face back diverty, and tenderness regiment of the nending to forgority or first time, repeating grive to the kindly and then she
went to the party led early those.

Prince Andrew was no longer before Dolokhov?" Natasha astribmisken that his
chief among the light
of us of annot excellent
after
waved at the Grand Makar
Donestor's for a long hall with him: "that he was expecting a way to General Akachel, gene
