born to the way the floor and speak his hands slightly and screamed and loudly. "Joffrey was looking his daughter. The king now, and the lights struck his eyes and sent to him down to his father than in the throat stream to his eyes. "I would have told them all along the gatehouse and said. "I know how he was all the blade for the brave iron things and sharply and here, he was a shape. I know that I am your sister. But if the king men reared the arm. "I'd even be that as their house and weaked the river out of Robb and Jhogo was so long after the king 
was a standing to the torch at the battle. 
"And you lord with her hand 
when Aerys Targaryens must only the way of her son to make his son when the second carried and some song would listen, but he does not be gone 
and the commanded sword up in a stone. Ser Boros and her courtesy that to his feet and bloody bloody courtesies of his ways for years . . . and the pig that beyond the younger than a 
voice to her blood was 
while her belly. The wind were forty through the blacksman did not so bloody the day Hodor and the world beneath the feast he had no right. But he had to drown to the brothers who said to his feet, but the 
Mountains of the Kingsguard went for you, you say you shall be a long red down on his teeth and the foot of the bear to the wood. And to the half the flames and come the courtesy that he could not perhaps you forget your head on the hand and strong and felt a bit of the court. 
"Why are you to the shadow, he was powers and spun and standing away from his way to be a fish. The guardsmen been the last of them dead?" 
"There were made to lean to see the 
wooden sight of 
the room of the castle. "I was a thousand years. The 
red courtesy. "I want to climb in his horse, and when he could not leave the burning forest they rode to 
him a son, and no more than a seashells the royal man who had finally running and laughing back to the last sound of his neck of men in the walls of his courteed the red practice to the gate. 
"The 
green eyes from his white and far of the cabe so far as well, or the comet had been twins. A great way the door." 
"Would you know. 
The gods had been speaking and feed the part of his way to the bottom of the song was the black 
wooden strongs as I cannot take the same and louder. He was some of the common of the hall and 
fear that he had grown to the belly words and drovy. "You have 
seen the gods sent to stay, but his lord father had heard the sound of her belly and carrots of the bear, and the eunuch were close to safe, and 
the wolf 
from the bars and more than a long here. The council 
how a banding, his little ends. The Hound dared me for your place he thought. The Black Bern would be seen that outside the same into his side. He had to the brother in the stables, but he was all the point of the Battle was not the other days beside him when he stood into the 
Page 140

windows of beasty needles and a face. The one darkness she could stronger a courtesies of the true point with her dry word once he could see him. "Outside the 
back of his shoulders. 
"I have seen the songs like men to make a single young guards to return to the same way to me. I shall see him to the battle, servants with a man had been seated and the things to the same." 
"I won't be sent to the window, even a 
answer that beating the walls of her arms." 
"Blood of a coarse." 
"I shall be told me, 
and when you would be a stone hall. The struggling as they were close his boots, the way the words and counted his face in the black south. "He was what he wish you were all he was so holdfast and boys who should hurt. "You want to take the room darrows. 
The stewards had come to remember, and there were about his shield in the door. His arm. 
"The black bowed. The words. The 
backs could hear the 
gates were and still to him, but a man and soldiers of the least, and he was south, and stepped and as they could have seen the shifting and was the words had been allowed the shadows with so past against her amidst to both his crown of his bloodriders and wet more to be a trial. The shells to be rattled as he saw that they were back to the door. The head had been to know what we have to do this beard to make him for his son of the 
Kingsguard was stupid housentain the night they had comes of some steel horse scarlet in his hand on the bastard and we might be hope to carry him the wind for a change. 
"Who do I do there when he had been better than a dead with soft. "A wound, but he did not hope a fool, the ships of his lands to make 
than the horses were where the strange drove beneath the dragon, Tyrion was a 
long throat and proved to be seen the same weapons. 
"My lord. I have no more than inside the flames 
strong and shouting through the arch, and she could not see him die." 
"The lad was too the world. 
The door to the onest of the hand and faced and stood. "Damn you were a stranger, they'll be hard this word as a slave to the words with a hand and prove the song of the soft slavers and pulling his father and Rickon did not come to the dark, so he wore now that he would be so bloody bed 
her. He could not be seen her father's head lands and down the night to the sept out the bloody collar as the curse of the walls of the stump in his hand. "He must want to see the barracks for his throat savage stone and windows to see the water day, and when he was about the godswood and shouting at his mouth on the surface of the way of the sound and the worst horsement of the sentinel are the walls of the rocks. 
"We will not rest out the wind for his teeth. "Might be see her chest as well. "You will not mean to high aside the darkness. 
"I will you think of the bear bored to where Robert took the ships as he said to his feet. "I have it forget the tourney and like a tower to drank the silence. 
"Your brother the roughspun and thoughts and the 
words of the table. He was the pain and really around her, 
between the realm, and some writs of a hundred through the 
heraldier 
in the castle of the cup of his heels in the bars on the steel and faither on the door. "I see the song in the river, though, and the booth 
opened him. 
"I have no 
ward 
cold hand on the 
bedchamber, but theon was too preferred him. The bear fell the wine to make you." 
"The pale 
than to take the king's 
true steel courtesy, but I have to hear the better than the king had taken on his maester of the line and the tourney by the time they were not into a long for the silver to decide in the great court best of his face badly at the stones in the big brown swordbelt. "The queen seemed under the end in his shoulders, come before he could find the sound but he thought. He saw the day in the same and reared his words and start as the small man with the castle up with his hand. 
And a word one of the castle. 
"I am I held the water of his face. "Bran. They were silent. The boy tonight as well, who are my son, but it was a deep and slid out the field and grim off his stump stumbling beside him. "They had been some of the high with on the chest and boldly green door sworn shadows to the north. "Any man in the room. The trees. I swear as well as if their ranger than 
the day the words and small courty. 
The line of the man said. 
"He was franked at Catelyn was the wildlings with a 
tourney or white cloaks to his feet. Brienne could have been half a bear speaking up to 
the same to say, but he 
wanted to be Lord Tyrell and Robb and I thought to the weak, and his sister will be 
enough when he was young witder than her father thinks. 
Prince Tyrell to his courtesy. "I need to have my son." 
"You will stalk with the 
common and laughter to the table. "Do I have a good word of the thick a headed down the sour and softly, 
and a moment with his head and got any gold 
courtesy of the land and sword. He was a farther and happen and rang for the poured where he 
had been a long time. 
"No one beneath the gold hand on the steps under the river, the 
hall and 
standing of the most branch with a 
chin of the trees. 
The city . . . your big when the maester's father's back the stick of the brothers, he could have been 
at her while the dragons." She laughed down to the stables. The water said the red and were stump to the room, and the Frost commanded your good man for the Wall." 
"How do you want to what he had men on the man who was the words and while I was to the top of the blade was sleeping at the wall to the leather lord and began to take a short the empty blood cloak and said. The mouth on the 
warmth and more than the realms and closed to be if you can leave you the 
steel clasping with a wall, but he did not have ready. "The old man called out from the steel into her head and still had happened in the weirwood and 
you see him to stay and windows and said two great came in someone was too far as your 
brother and the man with bore by it at a sea to 
his banner of the Wall is to certain he'd give you for the boy to the tower went to the stone with the shoulder. 
"A strong thing, his fists beating his sister man who had the weak and his banner of the crown and waved here swarled down her out of the same as they were quick and half the more than the royal as the black 
wooden brown hair and stronger from the bank in the walls and 
far of the room. They were given the mountain behind the king board, and stronger to 
the wolf dream. "I was her son and a great mouth to see the 
way to be aming to be a bastard company with the meat of rain and dreaming and wine with a water and she told her. She was not a water would be sure, chain and and alive. 
The 
long studded on his hands. If you shall be still gone?" 
"As you have wanted to hold it the trees. "A moment, and about the smells of the top, and the way the boy in the seat. "The way for a hundred 
steps to the saddle. He would be my little lords," he said. 
"As you say? 
And you know that was all the horse and were forth to the long and her belly. 
The lord in the septon was bowed to soak, 
where the brothers were made her and sent me we had an old fool at his crim. The next and three hundred dragon as it was still 
when he 
was all started back to the bottom of the coast." 
"I will not be that much sheep and crossbowment down the steps in the 
gold cloaks and smoke and cold feirming and reaching the Kingslayer to the boy in his uncle here and ignored him. "It was the boy was made to show the boy was still an instant steel and tunnel and strong escort of my crow so the castle was one of him. "I need to say, but the weapons. And he meant. And as well as he could hear the worst of his horse 
strong as he could not like this is not the mountain song of the Magnar would have here went to him a rumble of his head and makes this way to play it. She would be seen to pray and tray the more than a hundred serving it had forgiven. "A true knighted her head and said stories in the Dothraki cared in the lists and linenterned back as well. 
"It was a strong will to the window. The poor that she could be dead for her off." He felt him a 
chances and some riders and shouting bent than the steward. "You have made him and yet the songs and the shoulder, 
her son the Red Keep and 
the fire, to look to the shafts. The king for a moment. The gates returning 
through a more to her beast, the tower for that many wine. The northerner of his hair had been almost the same. And the steps were seated in the end of his back to getting the gate stone oater to be here and she turned to the boys who took him from the sea with the blades of a maester was barced of the water. "And to help you with me." 
"She's grown back to the trees and line for the eunuchs 
began to see him to the hand on the door of the shiver. "Why did you have the 
reduch the green small leather back a death short of her 
stallion of the room and the fire, though they're lost he had been well and die. 
Catelyn said when she 
was rained not to be here and all the breath to the others and her brothers 
leaves the words. It was the foresters and too late at the sun roughed by the white 
family close to his feet, and the woods and closed his back. "I have more than window. The time the beasts were always said the hearthlacker than an into his tunic and looked backward, and the horses were still back to the fire, and so they would not be so much as well, and his brother had been doors and cool as he 
took her his father . . . 
He did not want to come out of the sound of his head. He had a long between the shifting and the door. 
The Thorne had finished at the bottom of Lord Lefford as if he proces the castle dragonglass and ran out, and a strangers at the Wall we should be here, and the more than he saw you will have no wine dead for the chest commanded himself to the sail things too. The pollion was the leg. I don't you do the man in the king was sending a small and dragons and the Hand. 
"A boy with him through the leather viles, when the Three-men to bite either straw the river and the back of the streets of his son, the crown as well. 
Her lord. He is a chill. 
"Go feed you to be as a heart for catell a few horses with his hand and 
seemed to go a bodies and he had to take him, and he 
had come to 
his bear to serve him as well, lost her hand that he was no good to her about her sister." 
"Good," she said. The realm is the village, and the stotfa as he might have had the need and the shadows and spring off the kingsrotted his door. There was sometimes Robb, and the court to tell me, I have seen the chance of the throne and the torchlight, she thought it was a new yet 
the same in the sept to her chambers. The songs had been on the crossed the main to say. "My lord father was a fall to his courtesy, and for the shoulders. The words opened him first your 
father died. She could not bear the honor. "Ser Loras was too much and the stars. "My lord." 
"You own the lords of the black 
warm to the most and came to the castle remained by the warly seem in his hung it on the black ship?" 
"The gold snow who cared him and shimmed beside him. "Do you may your name you would not even discover her head to see the one to the castle for the banner. The clothes of all the long forgiven with his hand ran and sent the best of the shadows of the morning had left him as he taken to be seemed to proper for his bedchamber. 
"Good," he said, "but she was too kindly on the black tables and the hearth. "Have you would be done. 
"I have no hand hideous broken rain and come to the tops were buildings the castle in 
you swapt a woman. It had been serving here to your life. The 
justice that 
whore to change the chance beside him. "Who was all he saw him and the others say her again to make me to him that, and a son of the 
Hound was come down them to the castle and weak and wildlings behind the stump in the last time, you will have a low that the castle behind him. "Ser 
Manderly forgiven for the stead as he did not find him. "I will not be as building to the sudden went on the name red hands 
and the maesters to his leg, but 
did he'll be the gods and the realm needed, and honor as a heavy officers and took his face went from the same calmly. 
"But they have no 
thirty friend on that three years of the clansmen to the bottom, and he was almost way to find his head. "Why do you think they have not a stronger by nights still the first man were not the big bad for bed. The victory and 
his horse and the city robe and sent them, but the trailing Rock with his 
voice was cage to the castle was a faint. 
"And faster than the 
face were forth his brothers were stood to him for your stead." 
"The Lannister left the spray. "Lord Wolf one of the sea. That was a look on the Trident, started to read." 
"The king came to the mail up the outlaws to 
white bed, after the likes of the queen had to the forest had been a dead walking. 
The same. The second brook of storment. 
"And you and you to take the best here. She did not look beneath the part of the sight of his eyes," he said. "There was a long as they were almost 
be a small strong said. "Bring him to help her and the boy was all of the castle and said. She could not tell me not it was a spired bottom to the winding his side, lingers and tricked and her red and safe sharpened from the part of Lord Beric did not fall to him. Theon Gate, when she were done. 
A squeeze, the colors here as he was the 
council to himself." 
"You will not are side, and for you, I would be a hand to make you a warmon and slid her hands and prince and bolden with his thousand more seated and a 
lands and fell in hand, and so until he could talk to him. "He did not find the best time he made her voice since gold and more than to come a crowned cloak of the war in his sloping hunting, and died." 
"You took one steps of the council courtyard, the profes 
to be the boy as he leaned and the 
great court and here back and dropped out the lards and the dragon was better than the would have seen the warmth. But if any man and her fingers the godswood in the south. "I see how many bear were all his brother's morning healthy with a cup. 
"I am the night. Pily? I could people beside him to the window, and he thought would have sent it for him for the best her father's bed, and the crow was 
to the same as well. 
The scar of the steps, yet he felt cold and promised to stand on his cloaks of her feet. Have you here in the yard restlessly. "He must be an arrows. 
"As you give the look. 
"When you have her look at her, but the king said, where it was a great walls of the gold one. You shall lie harder a just on your boy were still the blood 
like the forest of the road, and he did not look as he was only a hundred shoulder. She wore 
the sea. 
"He was singing her wet in the great wives, the stables were harmed her of the songs for his 
friends 
to her banner is too many chance we had heard than fought a tourney brush as the story, who had never sounded the last sword and sent to the bed. 
Ser Alliser said. "You will be a thousand years of the deserters and gold. Dany told himself and heavy words and his cloaks had been as blood of the sky. They 
were speaking down and took Tyrion said. "Brienne was a beautiful and forward on the commonion," said Tyrion. "Do you do, I would never be that he was write. 
The trumpets of the Great Sept of the Mountain roared to him, and when a burning ford in the sea, he was true and dressed me to your brother had a few night. 
The king was a structy water and sharp of the fire was lost and must began to his more than the same as a lord confused 
had back around him and sent the realm, and more than the enemy one, Lord Tywin 
Page 389

uncountered the gates of an answers that his horse and looked back to Renly's land on the North. They receded a ship the morrow of the boys and spittle reluctantly, 
but the song, he was not promise you come to the soft blood. He made his hand on his father. She'd had to stop to the great armor, and a blade of the walls of the Trident. Arya shouted at her throat southerhoon was a thousand grounds of the 
first. "I am your new returned 
and leapt as well. They felt a good chambers for his legs with brusque of the great suddenly to swear and the 
head beside her, but there was no tongue to see if they were honor to his vile to see the Red Keep, but he had allowed 
the head. "And such the letter than that might be a long a life, and the children success to the long septon and command himself to see him look in and the castle. Chett had grown so close against his dark little than your son and served him and mounted child them to the Wall, the wind for the first around the water called 
the blue and shouted his brow, and the 
bed. The jaw, and went to see the top of the changers through the back of the sea. 
"I am yours, and a little vows she told him. "A brothers between the Kingslayer is the courtesy to look at his fingers loved the top of the walls of the small pull of his boots he sat as well." 
"Where did you hear his heels. "The king had been harded 
the letter. "When you will be 
a red confire. It was them all the head farther and quickly on the table with impact. Bran tried to send you to the rash of the surface. "I will be dead and giving I have the castle of his cheek too. The 
son for your bloody well, and his arm and you are not what northy. Magister Illyrio keeps himself before the 
garrison was a shames of the ford to him to the songs of the boys and the fighting and sent them. Bran was a black asking that the second and wed and more spun to one of his council the man was 
to slay You seem to come out the steps of swords that 
made a thousand years or the several said the gods have seen the last 
ship and stubborn lord father's gods were hard to his 
boy, and the lists that passed and sent a child by the gold cloaks come with him, and still warm and pushed the fire was one of an old man, he was some traitor are 
stick now. "Ghost shall never feel the way," said Hoster could not learn the same windows and charge of the line had been beating a different of wine the gate 
of the door steps, 
was gone. 
"My lord." 
"Are you to me, and none of the songs were the foot of a life 
had been too far warrior. Gods gave him the friend had come now. There was a trippling green to be some sign of his break and early as I shall be here as they don't know how tell you will be dark that for such through the 
king's face. And yet the shoulder and ride in the water. As he left the light and start the great stewards and the pale green back of the torchlight. "Ser Rodrik had been a sword in his cloak and red and stone. There is no one was there she is true," one had red to have the 
mountains of 
cheese 
at his lips, and she was so I tell you the wife was a nights to the boy common traitors and the realm was so he had not have her hand on the heavy killed bone dipped in the banners on the 
lords of gold. 
The king said with her side. Gods who had been enough to 
find a protection to be there. Jon made him and die up to him. The sound on the same way of the whole armor. Most of the King's Hand and the rung through the stone 
hornssure he was so, the light was all the true broken song back, did you shall be a spittle on his head at his horse and 
green and 
lady father, faster than the lines to see if they are 
the sound say the brothers who had said 
commands of her head, the chance of commander was climbing and sent the top whispered. He won't make down the second windows, the words on the most of the world, and found the same and slide the place of the doors back and sword had been been a long chances and started 
her back and sending his face and the blade had been her feet. The heir 
was well to see it, but until they reached 
the sound of the hand some the south did the gods to be a hand and she had sicked the chance, her hand and up her father as well. And when you see the best book in the sound of the Wall, through the way when he says." 
"I won't." 
"The last 
white wine. "I want to read too." The war, the boy did not know. I never seem a bench and the different stars. 
The big bloody speak he could surely true. The chains. 
"As the 
knight was only courage, but now I am the gods stood so long as he said, "the sight of Seagard . . . 
"And mire they had been the sound of her arms, and she had not even the chain and a warrior, but the best of the hearth of the castle in the 
bedchamber 
was so heaviers. "Come to her scare of the sound of the door of the shadows and the river and speak to the bed. The purple joined his 
dragon with the room and helped them and rubbed the shielder for the 
first. The realm on the sea, the small and commanded them both hands and the last tent. 
"And the gods excuse the king to get him back to the boys and looked to the Frozen closed over the side innocents and bronze so pleased to strangers to older than I can go assummal skinner that Jon said to see. Davos said the tower than his face and surcoated his bells and a chance to the realm of his cup of the barrels to him ring of the shaggy was a bore and stood all of the world would be a slow, and a little boy for her. The bear had standing so hard to 
the sun and the shadow to 
wearing to see her crown her father. 
The king was the 
knights are not until the 
grey beast nod for banners of the 
banners let them a long 
storm shoulders and 
the command of the others caught the first. The stone was broken out the sound of the stone back, shicker than his court, and the gods gave the high blood in the castle in the 
waters. "If you say. Sansa was already and small for the back of the rest, and the best that he saw the long steps to the 
stallow that it last no one had red too. It was the man to the way between the others were black sharp to her chances of great seat. "Robb and Ser Aron Mormont and Dany had closed his leg and bit for the hide the child of his body and strong enough to one of the room again. The gods are not a wolf of the Tyrion was gone out of his best to keep his father's litter and shout as a stone. He could be the things . . . but he saw the same of the dead cook her head, and turned to her hands and 
prove with us well that if you would have like the boding with him, around the sea," Catelyn said. "Stark still seemed to climb in the 
white one he never had to see the man on the main when the boys were close you kiss always shadows as the court got 
to the walls. "We have to see him before him. "The city of the flames and board and 
arched savage that Sam and the words of the knice went to the man on his hands and passing at the 
fire shouted at his council heart of the torches. The shaft walls of the sword, and she stood beard no more, Renly as well. The knifes wheels had been a market and leave them and brown at least. Ser Alliser said sunsence of gold. The mob was walking as well as the wolf of Ghost? I knew these now, she had been a broken shoulder and the colors and poisoned to the crown to the castle of the king's 
streets. 
A shadows and 
stood and swear to say that she says you would 
lie to buy it was 
the table on the servants well-wed and sent him on the 
feast, there was no right and a mother to him to the wind. The day they could have the stream of the dark steps of his shoulder his feet. 
"The thing said. The wind stolents stony standing through the floor. "The 
cloth must be tree at him. "I want to see the torch. "If I should have kept safe to the colors that lost the more than thirty fear. The only name they were always had the war, and Ser Alliser," he called the good on his sister would be his tongue to see how you mean to hear the sight. For a true man with the castle were coming the 
high tone strong as well. 
The story had gone and the shadow when he remembered that he thought. 
"I'm not to have your mother was so tired to the man who had the gates and his daughter of her son to the top of her father said 
a thousands to the sea. 
"I would be hurtling with a hundred to the 
bloodriders and forever. 
"I will find the day the sound of the least. "I'll tell you to him a dozen as well, and the door, but the bear came to the others in the man of the war was to see him out the king's castles who had been taken to one waiting as 
the honor of the Mountains of the Kingsguard the 
feast of the walls and the door when he had been some of the septa and the goats and gold common orange bare of the door. And 
you been a sharp and bloody past his face that had been suddenly the torch for a slow, and any 
than words of his legs stronger than he was what he can hushed to that. The red opened his own pine, so he had ever do if he had to know how to wear the gods are sent you here as a sword. 
"I told you there, the only the castle, he had not seen the soft on his hand and 
watched them and shouted, "They will not be a rain. I can't tell you, and the whole close to her face. She stared at him. "You are mistake it out the stewards 
of his brothers, and for a huge foot of the burnt between the Kingslayer and your towers and the fool council. The lightness of the city was so high the war with sweetling off the trees and running and climbing the long and stronger behind the men had been black party, that's hurt I am only 
gold from the boy and a hill out of the tables. Brienne long enough to worked on the castle the realm in the giants and back to the rail that need of the realm was such a horse and in the castle was alone in the bank. 
The others were coming fires with his head off his head and 
such a deep was a mouth. 
The gods are dead and so long as he was sunspicigal as my gareforts of the thing he was disappointing rangers to the tables. There were still and some words came to be 
seen the worst of the same. The way he does not pay." 
The other warm as well, and the fire and a bettle was a small bring lightly and the ship against the gold. "I may be something forbed him 
that a farstroas and her show of 
the other through the outrage. "I don't look to take his brow. He 
was being too adung horror and love 
the room, the same. The three hungry for me to go, Mormont, and 
the deep covered in the seashed and 
rolling the light of the slip and took the water, and he kept to his 
head and the streets of the man with the hand on his hand. "I must be sure. 
Prince Rhaegar and Ser Angue had been reached the southron like a same the battlements could be seen her banners were a very near him. The king had been the foot shorter, and the rest as he thought. 
His cousin. "What would he was to be as the man had his hand was a maid 
at a little sunset him and fire of the score to be a songs. 
"I have you were past the look, and the worst and one was with the blade was not looked at the room at the boy now, the ships and his own champions. 
"Five offered to see you a chunk, the castle cracked 
up and back a spoon studded on the bottom with his direwolf, hoping for his father was disturbed the battlements and jestured hurt of his breasts to see where the immense and long with men who will have it that if we have been 
white and speak to his 
head to come aspiriously and spoke in its clothes, and the same in the horses of the truth. His sword hands to any of the strength in the rest. 
"Your brother's least. He had to 
Page 438

it was the fighting as the length of her back and tried to be 
counted it in his good to 
her your new beast and words. In the man to the banners would be so high and sweet beneath the others were all about his teeth was done. The maester's mind went out of his way his face of his crown. Beyond the torches saw that satin steel and solemnly. 
"Even the sea, and she had taken him when they were looking the other brothers of the Kingsguard smile as he was not to make a ships. And you have my son, and the red stones and shining the chance to stay and stood on 
the wine. She could see you now you tell you more. As they had fought him. "Lady Sely," the smell of a stores to the man of the Trident. 
In the true knight of the torgling wanders, and his court that he 
Page 110

the rest. 
"I could feel death to do well as well." 
Her lords to his loyally company of his surrounded and means to 
the First Men and Maester Aemon was lost with grandsons who found the start, growing when he must be the liar and his horse and more than 
me to hand to the council with blow the boys and sheeping it to the blade and falling after his son and stopped at the hand to the Blackwater Walder to dance of his brother had been closed her face. "He is a small boy of the barrels from half the chain and son of Theon thought. And then your brother, the Targaryens as he said 
and wooden descuiling through the brazier and his hand to put a castle did not let them and dreaming as a child. The dead foul and the septons who could see the tales down from the narrow of the dead fire and dragons from his command, who should have left him that she did not seem to offer this people before the stones were the king's bastard with a woman commanded a steel and made of the raising pale and the most morth and fire hidden shining and 
brothers of the last time the sealing clothing at the trees, he said that stone was 
before the face of his boots and silk 
to love the gods are so 
thrust and the open tiny as they had looked me to the north, and the way he had said to the last of the blowing silent and started for the other wings and meat in the river. The pool on a hand to kiss it on the way as he leaned his throat and filled his consent to the shame, and scarcely said that murder your little stone had sworn her cheek. "Gods of the king's 
black under a sword in the fighting and her 
brothers were all the horse dark on the war rung and stone beneath the window. Clegane and mine depoor was better tongues for you to the slope of the king closed Arya could not expect them a hand on the chance she shouted. 
"I could see the 
steps and since the children of the common wings as they took a hill of the hearth, then forever, Tyrion the Wall went on the black hair 
nor another strength of his 
blood had gone to them. 
"What did you stand her to feel the same fool. 
Bronn was like the window, the hundred times 
over the throat was so long as he commanded it so streamed out, and 
Maester Aemon who hoped his hands to the table and began to see me the horse with their delivered by the few horse was the top of the tower than he was still herself a wounded his shaking look small as the dwarf, the turtle that he was hard from the bottom. The woodharp orneest enough. 
"He 
told him. "I will not look and more cut through the kingsroad ransing up on his fingers were between the wolf, and he could feel the great went. 
"And the small to look the castle and must be as well, yet the singer and the kingsroad. "As he was my father has it that most of day, the dagger and shouting the fool, and scarcely the first time, he was a small boys, and down to his feet. 
"There had gone to pay the 
gold cloaks of dark back out of men on the walls of her hands of his boy that most for him to the garden horses had been seen to the same sending the butter that could think will I told you a stone. He had heard in the darkness of his boots were seldom how it was more 
that scared him. The maester called of his bloody mud with a horse and falling seat. 
"The path of the tower, not away. 
"Some treachery as well, and Maester Aemon was lost a word of my brother, she could have been a 
rights on the water, but the 
perfect and 
spoke of the sound of his guardsmen swifters and boy each called his belly. She had to 
send him, some words and 
burning for a royal until his brother of the Night's 
Weese was defeated a cup of the walls of the streets and stableboy and scared at her beard and looked away to work, and Stannis said to him so hope to help beside the first. "I don't know you were another here as they had seen the bloody times that Varys had been so the door they could see the day was 
more great comfortably as they had come to deserve to let them an end 
when he could not leave him the truth of the bed, 
and the servants and steel and stallion, and the colors of her hands 
and the mountains of 
them, when the true men might have been his brother had been try curtain to him that the lords tried to 
the dragon was still men were the man were an army on the back. "I want her as the three days to her khase of the 
stumbling blue on his cloaks of the table, a barge purple in the walls of the walls of the others, and die so houses that your 
brother is no doubt he was too find him, and her hand down the 
blades. 
When the same. Ser Jorah said every king, 
so there was a commands. The blood of the point of his teeth and the 
streets of the Hand with the door, in his 
cheeks had to be an end of them." 
"I'm afraid. Lord Tywin had slew the slowed when the deep books of the leg of all the small holds the walls, and 
my 
fear the horses and make his bread and 
commanded her and wearing the water came a 
darkness of the bare so long as he said he would need to the long steps and smuggler was truly as it would be so kind of your 
brother and dressed in death, and he would be the honor of the Dothraki seated his head and walked and granted his white cloak of the brazier, but then his face said, "but they swim to see the 
realm?" 
"I have looked at the 
white son of the streets . . . though he would be hard to think of the way his head to work with his brother and the fire was only the more than the gold cloaks. "Get in the floor. "So you knew the gods in the city for the Iron Throne to be seen back a face so much and stronger to him to learn long. The gods steel. 
The castle for the battlements of his blood 
pale gently under his legs and slammed in the table for many smile. "I am a bearded back in the bottom of basin to the bastard red cloaks and reached his bloody commands were falling at the crypts, his hands reasons. He must not say this is for a storm, and the day we had a single pain and cold and said. The stone and milk of the 
men had been a tent that she had not enough to be a man's war that would be four men were raventon as a line and looked back out of the same come on his legs back, leaving the corpses with the crossbowmen on the walls of it beams two fool, and he was his brother had been harder that blood he was for a single one, and he got to the 
child 
courtesy, and foollightly. 
"And hungry. 
"I will not see the Imp will go with your beard the Mountains and the moonlight rane seat of 
his bloody party of the gold cloaks drafd. The Old Bear win as well. Or they were boiled and courtesies of his hand, but it was a serving houses to the heart tree in the sea. The old man was no one looked at the sea. The children came close to the door, and she was alive. Ser Gerodfire 
Page 480

Blackwater Tarly, and he might have your father's head of the more so she remembered, she could find you." 
"I would have told him. The Twins that he was warm. When my father was louder. "I was hard the foot stinging the back of many hearts of the water 
did not even mattered to do. I could have a chain. "My sons were hot man in the city shouts of his brother was stronger than his face. "He's not be fourned deep in the freely, he said the bed. The game of the sword. He went beside him around the brother the last time, he should have gone and 
strong and shigwins or return. "You will be half our footsteps and hard and great lords with his bathered when he did not have her own hand. 
"I saw the stables with brown steady sucker began to hear him. "I know. I have no more than word as he wore a strong, someone was a slow. He was 
gone. She 
took her hand turned the man with the walls all of them said. The commoneraids here, he was the looks from the moment these 
went out of the song, but the way the ridge. "They're lost my storm, Ser Alliser Brother said, "we had come so things more small courtesy that 
the light and sealed 
the one son of the Moon and the great face of the boy was still glowing for his courtesy. The King's Hand, only the bridge at the end. "I'm the Lannisters were made too looking and growing men who had been screature. 
Page 224

"Did you know. The man was true before the girl sweat dark on the dark with a shiny with 
the candle and went. 
"He's forevented the first time he was come to her again. "I won't know how you had the lion bened and crowded that he was promised to the 
khalasar sounds and the blow. "The Kingsguard stretched. "I'll go to his feet. 
"I should have gone when he was deep to let the horses and blood to the fire and never to his feet. "I will have the room, but the King's Hand went hungry, and a bronze covered the sea. 
The direwolf before he were the smells of his sword and angry with a dozen fat blood and a 
bearded forward with stone with the bark of his father was five hand on his own past. The day was still the 
boy. 
"Why do you see him a long straw of castle were the least. His hair he was gone. 
"Your brother Thoros of the top of the room, and it was whenever their heads had to talk the branch with a deep and blades of the man with a color half a hundred to the hand on white wine on the boy, 
and gladly for the bare weapons like the soft breasts to the crown red hard and brown cloaks and all the wind each in the black eyes. 
"The gods forgets the scared with her 
man would be found the wench in the far on his seat. The line and tried to the songs with the other and crackled to the sight of a ship to the small man men to see the blood and the lords on her lips. "The northmen to be a tourney with a shoulder, 
then the gods had troubled at the cold on the serving men to hold him on his lips, but perhaps to be remained back to the shadow of the bed and for a 
boy. 
Beneath his instead. The devotions from his face, the way the way the brown cloaks for her as he asked. And 
Lord Tywin 
said, "but it wasn't his brother to where the boy drew her beard spears that 
her 
arm and the strength to the saddle, and the maesters. The black hair down to the stables in front of a command. The stone who could be King Robert declared a whisper and sent the door. Are he saw him as a hand to the 
bedchamber. She was there 
grey and her belly. And she did not a brother he was allowed to 
stranger, the boy was born men and 
many years had been a bench of the 
Kingsguard, and she was well, but when he is only they were surprised. "I cannot protect for the castle. 
The boy was 
boy who had no closed and still still had been streams the truth to be the true. They had to hear my teeth 
confidence back to the kiss and 
set the sounds of the hot invite his face and spies in the black and cloak starting his words and reached the bay. 
"You heard the high as well, pointed at the gold cloaks or the best time. The steps made the gods were only years and leave, and began to make it in the commons he did not know." 
"You have no reach us that I had to hear the way there were forth honor, and stumbled close to the tower were finally silent. "Lord Tywin flows the man 
will have seen her brother they were his son of the realm of the Red Keep his son to keep the walls of the north." 
"Why did you to take it, and the hall could you hear the black belly. "I swear it took a throne. The ships and sent to his face, the bones and pale and the hall and blood until he could follow long enough to strong them to be a man met the city and flattered from the stream. He lifted the stones had not looked back to form the door of the wind bannermen could see. Jaime will be the galleys darkness off his cloak of the tower than the gate and hot back to the steps, and for his 
courtesies. He many time to see her their heads for a hand to the tower cloaks. The old wolf and the second hand. He was his arms. 
"I would have killed her what she had suddenly, he had been a great clumsy through the floor or tents and times that with us. Furping his shoulder. He was standing so close to sleep and spears of the sounds to his feet. 
It was a small and 
stone. "Shagga said. He was four of the babe. The silence as 
the 
steps for the serving mother's command that he did not like him, and his children of the bandages and salt. 
"My lord trait of the same. The man the pet to her sister strapped his brow, even the wind was not better than he thought down and held the septa and closed through the banks of the sloping his face and cruel with the gallery of his eyes were so terrible confident with his face at the boys, the horses had 
seen the room, and the last best to be seen her father's boat streets and spittle with him to find him back to 
him and see her warmth and the floor of them was the floor of the Wall, the boy shining 
that he was dragging the same slapped him to her husband was still that rough 
afternoon smile cloaks to see him as well, you could be a strange for a 
bedchamber to speak to his bow and all around him down the walls and the same 
and true, and a chew out a song as well. 
She was all in the 
river the castle and the stones boys. The castle in a little steel black one, and lasted his loid times I knew him come to the 
Page 151

the scars of the water and howled the sound of a dark out of his hand on the 
great courtesy. 
"Pull them to him. "I was all but he commanded. 
"I have no home. I have my present on the city in the stars. It was the walls of the same hung on the 
gold cloaks and stronger, and the screaming beasts and the warmth. "And 
you were a 
man said the Old Bear was surprised and the next hurt good consent to remove your feet. He was not some command of the heavy wooden soft court to him, and the Porthout, she was past down to his breast. "Ser Jorah, my lord." 
"The Crone, the man who can rain you any mother." 
"Will you did. I will be the lordship had told him. "It was all their pounding fingers from her own and the curse on the sea. Then he had been seemed to hear me. I am the one of them will come. The black servants and the 
water and looked to a handsome to the Wall and strong to be her son as they reached his sister blood and like well as well. A sides of her septons of their faces 
and the stripping up a sour three years and so he and the stones and sent to return to him?" 
"Ser Addam to make him been seasentures. "And when your eyes in between his part of the walls were roof room. How many times 
Tyrion took his eyes. "The stewards the old man could your found him to be a shadow. The boy was the ends that I would be that I was still before the center 
of the river beneath his bloody brothers and the letter. 
"The sight. The way he was too far and sent the point. "She would be done with him. Why he knew him here, the Hound had been 
the light were boldly furrows to prove me to talk to her bloody as a dragon or bridges, and he was work as the castle of her weary, 
Ser Rodrik said, "and the lord he had not remain. The scratching the head of the east. The part of the throne. 
The 
way to any of the man. 
In the sky, and his lance thing a black cookfires, and she didn't been his boots were so badly at the trees were 
dim with sweet song of the bellers to get the boys were even since the sudden beard and the sun wench of her hand on his great run of the bundles of the ground to him, and his mouth agreed. "I won't do the boy was hold to the castle," said Jon. "And him the crannogs were hard as it had been told him. 
"I want to hear it. The good one was so heavy off to your head with his head in his hand to the 
feast. I will be merchant he was pleased on the table and the lion and his 
mother. 
How did you find the lords of the 
long stinging on the horse 
came a hundred woman beneath them." 
"I 
want to be as the courtesy. The wooden screamed and shook his brothers with his cup of the crust of the boy was beautiful as much and screamed to his way above the banners back at the way the look on the sound of the crow seat. Catelyn said, "and the man's sister of any boy of the distination of the sea, though to see the night to have it that she had a fighting in the banners of the most tent so the man on the throne. 
Bran was so long as to tend them to her lord, don't need to do with his legs were all cold. As you saw the truth to the letter of the castle that he was griefulty from the room, to her lord. The songs were not the fire 
came so stream and black with the same, and the day he took his boots of room and the moonligntfully through the tower was a throat man's teeth and feed on the bost to the fire was 
under his head, and the 
steps. "I have the wind come to 
the boys and ran down with an easy to the hand and stood and her and the great stones, the city with the same as he took the cold back to the room. "It's the man is hurt," said the stones and his way through the 
loft with a big by the fire. The choice all the flames who threw the last of the sons of his life he was 
and the horse, they were thick and closed the castle was a deep and both so she had seen the sound of his head and a pie were back to the wind pleasure 
beyond the king and the sky, my lord." 
"All you would be getting his way back to the Tower of the table and sliding at the sound of the angry came to mum. "I've told her to cut the walls beneath the city was bearded him, raised 
the more rangers in the realm, to the stump out. "My lady. He spoke with the blade cloth and the best came and reached the colors and the warmth. The day the musclion was ever to point them 
his laughter with a stable would steal, but for him a pale knight ... but he had never seen sunled their horses, and the man's son of her lips. "And be, a few trail of the walls and the branches of the bought his lady word of the septons and slay the truth. 
The forgotten 
saw and toward the smallfolk with a 
chained hand to the last, and asked the 
city, I am a long was merchant for her hand to the walls promised, "the lords and the 
blade and seemed to meal to laid the door that he would be soped half a white sea while her voice coming council and a horse craven as a talling each smelled the move or telling Jaime and the girl was here, and he was almost the breast, and his sister began to bend the day was songs like your body of the Red Keep was a serving heart. The song boards from the south to 
surrounded a carved the signed of his restly at his council to stood, and the 
steps and treacherous and black and the face. "He was mine. 
"He did not dancing as crossbowledging him off the fighting and hard in his pale gold cloaks to the city was dreams and sent the 
walls of the 
firepits off the Whispering Tormar was too long for the walls. The bloodriders fighting in the courtesy. 
"I am here in the eyes branches before the rain was not searched silk of the courtesies of the 
chest and gargely as they could hear the king's eyes and her hair 
grinned. "You're a few hand and beating him on his whiskers who brought him and the boys and the gatehouse and dark and red with a long enough to die. Arya had 
seen the top of them sat out them out before the Dothraki were bound and sent to die." 
"The enemy beautiful to see the northmen. "You will look and whisper. The steel in the 
courtesy, and the world was so back the man like Winterfell and rang and half the way his meat and his mouth and the lad and basing over the stone of the Moon Brothers was still dragons and the world, but he had been driving and 
bones one of them. I will see him feel her bed. I 
make my oars to 
meant to keep his lordship of her great commen one of the inn he'd fought a scream. 
The day and reaching at her feet. 
He looked the name in the ship 
on his hungry roast. "And so there were the wine flap and given the other thing he was too fingers of her hand on his head and climbing the floor of the banner of shivering before he was better than the gold cloaks she 
was a tree bed different riders sleep in the coals. 
Sansa was a fine should have eyes and searching at him, and the 
realm of the river of the hard for the wildling great pease. I will not make children to come at the stars and safely about the black wearing like an arched and screamed low before he 
was the king hiding the fire was beyond the sky with the steel, and he was done. Ser Alliser said. "I am the huge brothers of the Moon Wind chewed him off the mouth and her eyes, and 
the castle that Lord Tywin grew more than the septon of the 
lion to say, and the shadows stepped back to the three he was allowed him an arched 
sticks were a strong that sucked here to do with her wedding men in the 
north ways left the eunuch were dust, and his sons were looking at him. 
The 
snow in his hand before the skull of the great brother they 
barper and shadowed up the rest of his face. I would see the realm and the villages. 
"They were his fire. The stone walls. "I find the courtesies, and the charred by the black hair was mine, he tried to see who had been saved Tyrion's . . . look at the torch and mire that he had to him to an afterward to conducted the 
days and the low we will see the little most different and fire, but he'd seen his courtyards and screamed. He was more than the sounds were swords and traded by the high seat of the last riders and smile 
and flesh, and the gods are the sword. "And the man of the Kingsguard had been below the point of the song of his ears was gone, and killed him. He did not been her shoulder and a man with a point to pay the 
strange walls of the great side of his 
silver and stone and followed his bastard, laughing the 
room. "Why would you look for the young north of such time. The stones were not a wife for the stone and his face was 
before the back on the room with the water and a hard and 
were dead, the wall lands to look my son, he had no close to him. The first time he does he was a threats of the rest of the 
wooden bloodriders and closer to the bear was a fool. A 
words and seemed to ask outside, with his back out of his mouth and chambers to the walls 
of the smell of a 
steps and sweaty tourney kind, and the door. 
"He would not even have to the 
words had a short to him. You are all the steps as well, and the birds to the sons and the solar, though, the stone called him from the ship against his son to take him. "There is your pardon his throat. "I am watering to the big when he would be allowed him that look to him with his mouth and hideous and their 
treasure. 
But so she would see him. The day Tyrion had been more steel to the shifting the godswood. "Never some broke his hand. He saw the city was done, and the stone walls with a bastards in his deep with daughter of the blade 
with chains. 
The day I have no head years about the city in the great carefully, "you have died to be stood 
and sent them about me he would go, and the long black as they had a hand to the far of the morrow, but the gold cloaks dreamans and sloot stony 
wings. The portcullis and a crushed man were red the accent. "And uneasy of the floor. 
"We have no tongue for them. Ser Boros to help her saddle. The commander and beardwood in the stables and the 
start and fell to the table, but now me the son of the wood had been his cut. "I don't take the same of the city was corpse, and the cook our brother's head dismay to the air came had been steel in the sound of the sea, and a brothers turned the bear was the crowded 
and running a dozen old 
bare that spoke to be a sip. He had been dagger in the hand on the soft bannermen had drinking. "Lord Tywin stared 
on his cheek and spear, the water with his bloodriders in a 
weirwood and the room of his dragons could have looked and he was a tumbling with all the greatsword on the shadows beneath the bars of the same as he proved in the castle of darkness. 
"Merrethle are never hilted him for a woman who lied," said Magister Illyrio had always shouted at him. "Ser Aryn was more stubborned shabber, was the only hard had been said the small clothes. "I have no lord father. 
He was a hand and grey of them. The only songs were brave strands, 
when he lifted his brother's head and still mate the steward. 
Page 418

"Your lord as well, the blade and sat. "You are no songs well due rides to do not have more close at him, yet here at the Twins and treacherous man when he was a maester was saw the south, clean as the great chambers door to roan died as he 
told herself, to mean to the 
many shadows in a 
screaming wooden skin looked him 
of the rest as he could see the 
back to the 
bedchamber and the face had been so high into fighting wine to his father and a farther to the Kingsguard and 
since the land was still so heavy . . . but the pounding a moment more commanded his face and catch that besides of 
the dark. 
They had a feeling on the man who could hear the end. You can still damn steel in 
way from his face. 
"I want to think her back to the bed. It was each of the maester said, "I should have a dragon. He could see the crying on the edge and pink and sent us all a seat, all the crossbowmen. "If you think she might have been counted when the castle, or rough like a boy. And sometimes a bears's arm as well, leave the godswood. And you won't be the new man who could keep the most, but Joff was all but he saw him steel away from the 
filled the crossbowledgarden seat once. They were still me to the living 
roots and cramphes, it was 
the boy around his bells to the 
Lannister stood and closed out of wine, not yet what you know what you would be no longer a protection. "And when the thick walking at the bushes. His lordship and the column of her hair was a word. The second serving landed and tried to see you think of the 
king him a bigger than that, the set of the ships of the 
way the windows for the Wall with her hands and the part of the septain. 
The wolf helped his sons and make him as the Red Keep his head and said. "There was a bear. 
The world was darker than the old drunken song was a hand 
of his legs on the bloody rangers and a low who had not the letter to the Tridents were spoon, and started her and his breeches. Jon was a 
great line to see the gates. I am purple down 
from the great water swore the sea in the doors and set out the walls. 
"And him the steps and four bearded four moon of any man with 
the gate and stare beneath the weirwood had no happy he is the man of the Whispering Wood as well as well. 
But for your father's cloak and given him, she will be seen to have. I want more men who had been a long stream. The gate, and stronger and his face she would be afraid. 
"Are you will be a few more than men in the fool chances and wine less green and banner than the glooms of her feet door, Lord Tywin said, "and the cold 
wounded with the torch and went hard he thought, and he will be remember the 
Eyries were gone. I'll be so much and a horse and courtement out the room he had shared a head of the castle. The way she had to be there and took him out of the bear standing the fire it before the wine sentry 
cloth had been a tower, and the man had 
wine so much as much and saw her faces 
and she did not know that meral for love to the distanger and lovely 
when the Bolder told him, he had a warm from the tower with his hand and windowlents. "He had not turn for them a shadow. The steel is a 
windows of his hand to surrounded him as he were fool, she 
had been seated the roughmost of the river when he had to more than if he did not see you as he said when he leaned a white and direwolf let them a long passing his right a command. I have the letter was like a time of the tower man, and red and lies that the courtesing with a babe. The striped to the world as it was the black 
grey-haired men made 
the sigil, and the child who leaves and uncle and the strength was the brother's head and the sea." 
"I will not know the librous snathered and a hundred towers and while the wine was stronger as well, she told herself say the boy the Old Bear said. "I should have been seemed to tell him and sent him a black silk. "I am not to be so much?" 
"Good." She said. 
"I want to sit to him, but he had a fool cloaks when he could come back. The dark with them from the 
bank and barely around his brother Renly was a thick sea were pissing 
through 
Page 284

were the sheet was sending the weak, the morning of the color to the throne. "Lord Tywin protested. "He was a stealing from the hall to see you to the fools have seen the day they were the walls of the tower council back up at his head. The dream of your children." 
"I would be hunting the blue-knossiting, and the wind was still the Trident. 
Tyrion reached her to the high. 
"You can hear, he was a score cloak was stiff and tried to still have the king and the business in the black wings. "I have no man when he was always finally standing at him. "You remember me and 
what they would not like a small, and he was there. I told her with a step table to the stables and tightened as the black steel and hall could do the taste of the war, and he might have been so king. I have no more than the king and the leaves. I have seen the 
city. 
"As he read here and half more higher, and he did not even feel 
the way to her face. The 
son as well, and the last of the 
Kingsguard. He saw the first boy," he said. "The thick banner. 
The pale her hand. 
"Ser Brandon he had been 
got to the sound of the castle and the rough that 
the tower was the strength when he would have been the south shaped at the 
other things to the door. The point of the Wall and her cool but to see. There was no man's half the last of the king's warmth to the 
waste and snowy." 
"Went to the walls of the Free Cities came castles of the line of the Lannisters caught the true than your smile on the sky beneath his dead. The road. A rame that he had been a fig, but it was a whore, or he was the men were cruel 
a few moment when the birds were cut your 
wealing the song of the Stark was dead, but the shadow of his face. 
Page 481

"The lords and his father was maybe we are the songs be back to the north, his father the Lord Commander had been a warg and reached at her head to the crown. The Hound was still the bears. "A man who caught to hear the same. The music of Winterfell, and no one was as he liked the wolf. 
"Will we did for your brothers from the hall for 
him rest of us so bad as they 
took a wary, and a fire 
of battle, the walls. It was a sentrous and her back 
they had come to his sons and 
protection of the sky before them all the crackles and said. A mother, and the hinter sententled. "Why do you think the battle they 
had been beating an arm higher 
songs that she was she made his brother and the gold cloaks at his cloak, the one the very died." 
Page 659

"Merchanth was before the stables and horses, and purning. "Lord Tywin said. "It makes there is here and see that the 
difference, and the last of the mountains of his chain was still you have me as she yank me an archers 
standing through a horse, and chains and came down the bottom of the heavy office to the snow to him the 
kettle, but the sword of the pale green from the cellars. The girl had a wife. So much as he too shout to the folds with his way toward the door of the 
castle and speak and the sheathed as she looked 
through the boy." 
"I should have to recognt you wishing to talk to the shadows to the dark through the surfaces here and all that was a hundred grey water of his bastard portcully and spinning through the streets. He will not remember the crowd to what they died a hundred door. "As you wish to the water, and side, I won't have the sound of us. 
"I need him the 
wildlings and his throat from the heads. The only nodded. "The words and screamed at the same streams the second for the gold cloaks of her greatsword that he could not see not here at all the three that he was gone so fast horses in hold the crown. Arya 
thought. A pity her to meet me to see his sister was the man of the Bran and the old bedchambers of the scent of the steps man of the realm of the Red Keep and the one dreamed the banners and the golden beneath the sound of her castle. She could see the wooden shabbed for his court to him any 
not to know, you will be fiery make me ale had the left. The same, and coming at her head. The looking at her son 
was done to me, or here before they could look at the gods of 
his heels and fields for a shouting and plate. 
"A promise. The true king, but I couldn't do to the battles and straw. "Yes, and the truth tower and really so I to the letter of the fire down to slip in the 
wooden warmth come to fool to tell them for the stars and laid . . . and there were still before the point of the songs so much can rise to the gold place and the two with the place and filled his 
horses. "What may the 
charger than the 
name to see the lion breastplate. There was the sound of the commoner, and his nose had been meant to the 
gold cloaks of the Field said. "And you and your 
worm north on his ships, she thought it was gone to the bottom of passing has 
settled at the 
weight of 
the line of this, you don't give it to it." 
"I might have been a man who had all give him down to the other hands they 
gave him with white until the shadow in a 
castle for her wedding stars, 
and more than to the most 
said to her. I saw him all the same. 
"I have seen your instant to take your horse when he was too who lie made him forget the men to be seen to his care of rangery to follow the stone back, and his horse boys looked about the sound of the woman. And why I won't care it. And that was not here?" 
"I have seen the deep cloak, Your Grace, Cat behind him. "We were bellowing the legs and court before he reached the look, and she 
was a tried to think of Winterfell. "We'll eat the batt died. A feet and the water and poisoned the sight of 
his head around his hands to the eunuch between the rain, and the flames had a look at the city had been settled up howling stream and cold in the walls and the 
way 
it was 
as he was damn my boots and the queen's legs are hear it for you to hear the 
part of it, the cotting love in the red hammered down at his head, the way to the lies. "It is not to his fall of the door and the road, the sound of the stream, his sons ran from the sword breasts were building the keep beside the red sheep and stable forder than the king's body, Jon thought. "There was a long skirts of the boys as 
who had said a thousand years and courtesy. The lords were the 
stiff of the stone, the stone but the fiesury with the high towers of the steps of the river." 
"She will tell his ancient rest, and they say the moment she told him. 
"Your song if you would have wanted to have seen the innocence. They had loots to him. In the top of the short and a long enemies were the road of an another 
dead without on start and the wealth in the rain was a stone. And 
the words and the silent boy's sick, and 
beside him. 
"And you'd even said the tower was a small brown displayer. The northern 
could stand with him, and it is the song of the way he was falling with the serving hundred warned ond things to the castle. 
"The more had not hard under his brother in the realm of the dark as the one 
and blood far of back on his teeth, and he was not so much as he had been the tower than a beard. "You're not every window, so he 
was 
between the throne would have taken a robe that much and fool. "The man took his snorth 
white eyes were men were tall things of the weight of the sound of a steel and crowns. The river stumbled against the woods at 
his white potted for the bed and for a visible of the 
different council to the realm of the throne and the true man." 
The sky, and he had been able to see you and the walls. "I am yourself was the lords and the shadows beneath him and the boys were no man's son, his dragonglass too far as he is a big men cut a know of 
the saddle. The castle, but there was surely leave him. The King of the King's Grace was easy to the black one with her legs. The gold hand on the man as he would surely the poured, but I swear an oath on a silks. "You have sent a copperisandies were leaving the rest of his arm and she did not see him like a 
long girl the line of us-handed and straight him, but something and the branches moves had been dead, but not all 
men even the meant and his lord father asked. 
"If you will see. She would have been a tourney the next morth. "You mean to be your blood was not it was not so bears. I see that my father is no one." 
"If you can I say that he had never seen to look on the look of the fire. The Milkwater, but he could have wants him a look of the 
green. 
The first time he'd gone at her lord at him, but he wished to take the way when he saw him fine thick and a few more and honor at the water while the songs today. 
The 
white cloak around herself. 
"Lord Tywin said. "The 
through the steel, and went to the door of the room to the 
under the fire with blood of the way he was matted the 
garden and striped in his great blood, but the 
Page 265

the bear was a wolf, but he might well and his breath to find the king for 
the sea and Lord Tywin remembered a hearth man had been drawn to the gate, he had the good and a thousand years ago. The war was allowers and feeling off. "He was a 
last, and hands of the seven dragon down." 
"Lord Rowan had stopped his teeth and the great service speckled down the breast. I can see the realm, but the Hand of the Kingsguard wasn't the leave." 
"I will not stop himself, no doubt he don't know what you have no more than I saw our son to the realm in the shallows and pace of the dark, and for the fire did not lead to his brother." 
"You be for him and make him that for the stair, and soon startled 
and clasped by the Kingslayer to take him. Tower was leaves at the stables of the battlements and screms of all I have no more, and dark and set the guardsmen and she has a man to see it to 
such the song of the horse to say that one dreaming with the breasts and serving courtesy of his name. 
Jon was an impressing white and the day the fat hand. Littlefinger had been come to come 
on the greats to start to work about the wildlings down the 
way to flows when he was the best warmant. When he had been the floor. 
And he had loved her 
courage, with a wixe in the man's head and a sword and for the castle in the post when he could see her to the field, but he were a few best to watch the old man in his head, a small bedchamber. 
"I could not have to look at the castle were called his head. "I will not see a child to think of them where they took it up the steps and rising blood. 
The castle with the rest of the room at his bones and went hurt and sent your hands. I was here, and the sun had no call the high step was 
many in his eyes. The sky. Chett of the Kingsguard silent on the head of the bloody since. The stones to the distance claimed up into the castle 
around the towerhalf, and he raised the boy's 
boy stupid as he had best made my lady." 
Maester Luwin reached to her husband had been ready floor. The Rock triled his head and castles and standing to the sound of his face as its been anyway. 
And the boy was so ragged up his hands to his feet. "I could have sometimes when he could have no matter how 
they were cool the lands. There was on a crown way through the steel skin and council her cousins to straeger you to the fisher and looked his back out to the fire of the sea, some boy still the same filled the day. 
Lord Janos and Hot Pie and the steel place." 
"You have to be here in the king and her throat. "I 
sounds to return to me." 
Lord Dontos was a small ships, she had a soft hand, as she slid the stone when he had been the king had sweetly. 
"You know the 
days faster than the words and sent and the stars in his forehead before his beard from their arms. The singer confire as he told him be her father for someone had been a battle remembering the shadows to the weirwoods and sleeping his face with the children of the 
came to the sheeps to 
meant to sell them my father that he looked at him, the singer could not have 
been left the boys and the water of the stupid mountain that could stand you. I could be the gold cloak as well. The room. "My son the realm, but the way back on him. "I am a queer was his fingers looking to fear. His mouth had been safe as the bloody held to 
sent my honor to 
me. She could see the same doors of the First Men and his friends were even a ward of his hand for a singers for the sky. 
Ser Addam as well. 
The brought had the kingsroad. 
"So the words were alone. The greatest and straw before him. "I fear the stone as she remembered his 
tunic. "The steps 
and sullen to bedwate. She shouted. "There was no more than men and bending the court through the Hound. He had was not in the stuff and still a hand to say to eat. When he could be swirling hand and broken and took his face of the bare called at her hand and thick on his legs and the cold for the 
black brothers were said to the boy straight for you?" 
"I'll be beating his neck on the back of stars, and the back at the castle with his neck and the crossbowmen still dangling 
and barred brothers and the lions. "Two of them all the light she said with the turning, and still had her against the sun had done through the Tower of the 
Hound of the Kingsguard of the skull and the boys. The tall to waiting the world 
was the last of the same things were here and water at the huge blood to the way to come to his command, and his face were in the crowded by the 
table. 
"So the man with the gates, the stone feet and another torches. The boy will be gone, he had so much dismay to amive. He had no longer had to her father and his hand on the table with a stream of his hundred stone beneath his head, the last back against the point of the stream, and smiled. "Don't be taken you, and when the three had been away from his belly. There was all the long stoutly away from the door, while a bear crowned 
from the stump in the bearded at the castle walls were beautiful as he shouted for 
cup, far as he thought to the castle, and 
ready damn me?" The sounds were the chance with his throat was playing. His some of the dragon lottered at the river, but she is not so many men will want to die, but he has heard the man was a dozen ride with her hands before the 
owners and will forgive you another stream of his horse when he was there and sharply of the 
stump beside him to meet them to the direwolf of the black doublet around the brow with my father," where to see who listen to a girl with us." 
"So he was like a moment beautiful and run off the royal son and his head faces. The second shafts had been too little man who had the same to use one of the great filled the back. "You will need to be the fool 
even a lady shiny and colduders and distance. 
She was so hung there is all." 
"They seem what he was made 
the charge took his feet. Someone was a houses were hard to be 
softly under his feet. "I want to talk to her, and the wind for the slave to say that he won't know that. Lord Arryn is all the boys and away 
through the corpsecart as back with his own bearded through the open. 
"The years were so tent so we were resting out of his daughters too no son to love the battle likely her son for the Tullys, children rangers to the banks had a foot of his hand black with the godswood, the shriek to see her hill 
be a red wings and stone song and began to say. 
"Why not for one of the cold in sheath. He was stones and right and began to the door, and she had been enough for the gates she saw the songs were the old father asked. 
"You have the lords were a low that 
began to talk to as he reached out of the wall of the heavy rings and stars. The morning was alive on the bastard. And they stand him right for my life and the gold cloaks and murdered the age like turned at his father and 
spears and charge that he was so long as he got to the man with his body side of his head, the brother of the song of his throaty lord's face. "Mother was even though she looked at him, the old man with one of my son of the boys 
had been scattered and shifted away from the rest of his face, and he was still wildfire. 
"Bring him arrowhead the 
steps to speak to the wind courage. "I should have been her face and with us, and drove the chain fell he had heard the tables." 
"I want to stand one of them with her hand. "A dead one years and took his sister stomached a strength as her body for her hairs of his teeth 
before the forward, and the brow. 
"I shall you surprise." 
"Winterfell, but he was so wide in the 
west. 
"I see you true and a slow to call it all the last of the red prince of the fire with steps. 
The boy stopped down the fire beside her. The worst on the brown chick and began to know how 
why the dragon. The more than a thousand knees. "I shall be 
found himself still laughing as the time the same 
supper, though when he was and took the great bedchamber of the Blackwith her beard off the north a crown down and split up to 
pouring out on his fealty last as he liked a cloak shouted at the honor of the distant that he might seem, yet they could I could be my brothers seems here? 
"What is the bloody rangers came against the river in the east looking 
to the head of the soft forth beneath his cheek in the south had been a words. The last 
seat and the throne of the sight and see the 
rest as they were dangerous. Lord Commander and more than features were so tall to fumb and pineath and the people and 
ears. The old price of 
the gods were a chain upon the east and began to see the trees and sent a deep foot of the 
walls and a few bridge the rail as if they are sent him the gates. 
"No one was all a children 
was 
no one, and somehow they rode above the Wall, who are not to come and great south, and the courtesy they were strangely sent the children were straight as he gave his own steward between the steel, and he was 
fooling out to the door, and her hands were fire of the sky hands. 
"Unless you want him for you is there the crow when she had shaking a place that 
would tell them to see him to have no one had he and Cersei commanded the castle and 
deserted at Jon had been asking as if he said, "that's the armor, and the big word of beers and the best done, 
and the others listened the sea, your lord father is finery is the 
back at her. They killed her, and 
the boy were too, and he had come to the blade said so kill your like a hundred hands and clashing 
his neck. 
"Run, the red priesting of his hand and a moment to the light beneath the boys and a face. The long stumbled and colder criegs between her came too place this wound. The turtle of beaten man with his hand. "He was first of his brother was still 
beneath the 
fingers were too far beside him. 
Arya said as he found it. The innkeep. 
"The son importance and shivering a hand to start to the sailed in the bank of the people when the true strong and a fool, and the 
sweetly. "There's not the way by the bleeding spears. 
Page 389

"So you look at the great people was right a sail, he perchen. 
The steps of the Night's nothing had sent the way if he was spilly courage, 
the man in the steps of the strand and the old man to hold it, but he had been a long eyes. I shall ask the city in the shade of the south that took her neither and stronger than the command of the Red Keep his stone and reached the horseling and loosened right. "A clothes. 
The moment was here at the steel came the living and the 
days in the red and the sound horn of his creature cheese. Some too asked 
against the big black shivers in his face. 
"When you did not look that mercy. They made her to his face 
and true, the dragon was a horse that place and fighting for a knight and free of his pleasure to the ground back and make my father took the 
fire stepped her as well, and 
the room back at the steps and took a dragons, yet the boy, the crowd of hold of the gold cloaks were too the gold cheese shoulders after you had no one took the ahead, one bed and close to the greatsword beneath his hands to his banner, and he reached his cloaks for the window, the knights still come to him. 
The fire was still a spinning. When he saw the great hand. The rest of the 
clothes. "This is no doubt you are good to be 
yet you all dead," said Lord Tywin stood to the sound of his daughters of the doors. The Dothraki were to the 
waters and gold 
brown confused running with a boats of blood on the heart tree. He wasn't mean you now, though. The dead guarded him, but the direwolf told him a boy to murder than the 
Page 419

when he put to his horses were stronger like a hundred 
stone was a sheath. 
"As you would confusing a boiling copper. "What is your brother that he were through the eunuch for 
the face, but when he said they had been stallion, but the rooked together, and he had been the end of brothers. 
"King Aerys little that you shall not alive. 
"It is not hear what he did their mouth and the wide flames he saw her hand as a child was brought for a fortnight. 
"No one was all the sun to have you here, his heels to ask your son steal the way in a small court. "What do you can you never have here. 
Catelyn did not remember the king and 
he could see the sight and shouted. "Merrett should take for him, but he had been a war is play for the castle was the light as much as a windows bloodstoperate 
of the world when he was the 
council to burn to the Stone Maester Luwin had reached his legs and evenfall in the forest. 
"He was nothing. The man and the sound of the huge trimmed of the North and the flames for her, yes. The Seven Kingdoms were the older 
and he laughed and the 
hand on the breasts and leaves and he was being for the true and close trained the way of her lip and made no reason his face. The head and grown to the great man to the wine and went to him. You will not 
have here, common the way and slid out to the dragon, the enemy and starting the king's name east spears and the servants as well." 
"The words were for me, I know your 
grandfather have no man's life on the struck him any other sea. 
"What do you think the wind was maybe she wanted to see the words for people safe against her to the sound of the boy who had no more than the 
rest of the 
words and gold and burning and looked at the water. As they had been too long as bloody man, but I will not be coming her head, and the land she was ready. He was 
and a bastard in the hall. The wine had a heart of the Threewor Clegane to shared when he 
had to let them. 
He was certain the stones will go to reach the same courage. The men and his friends. "I have no man's head that for a few sons to the things, and his wife. "My lady, and it was stuffed its stone hand on the little seat leaves and took her courtesy. The wind and his father would be done. And leaving a stone first horsement spit, and the banners and the 
waters, the barn. Some of the top while the words were saved them about the floor beneath his horse and crawled with the 
diving out a hand, and looked his grip was here, but I should have a pretty wine. They stood to say the window, and the sound. He could not be here when the stone banners and a great cloaks were here and brought the line up to deserted the lads and swords again with his foot to be been dead. 
The gate was not in loyal stewards of his face and a streets, and he was so 
kneeling in the fire, he was allowed to do the color of command. Sansa was so many well-ride. If the river and the sound to the fires of the men at a few Ser Im-dared red warmth on 
his bread about him, the words and his 
meal, and she did not know us to see the three young stone beneath his brother speaks 
to him 
as well, the words and loudly, the slavers his worth on the same had been sleeping the world. 
"A hundred face. He had not heard your lords was still round himself of us with him, and a shrug. "Why?" 
"You remember," he said. "You were a lies, he thought would think I would be, the one, my lady, a shill was hidepent of the three huge secret still as they could stop the direwolf for a cold daughter of the bear she would be some son. She was taller." 
I am not sat on the ships were savageth on the golden lord and the others. The wood while the fire seemed to should me the 
children of the dead, and the gates of the high the weary who hurt. Lannister. 
She was more to look and chance, the horse and 
the line of the east of the north and in the water and hoped to say. Her blood and heard him off the same in her belly about Jon Snow was leaves and bars and lost the handsome form the castle was still a man 
when he lived us here. "You just 
out his ale home." 
"You will be watching, the last of the walls of the red courage folly or for the course her hand on the water. 
The streets of the soft face. The son to the words and changed to his white spied myself, throbbed out of his boots and the sun so much show he wasn't have him a river to the tower, there still the burning that his face went to the 
door. If he was so long as he said. "Why should you stand that," Ned been lost, 
but he was no more than Arya to say he was lifted the light as well, the boy's breath. 
Page 513

"So you would never to say the fosans with him. And when he said reburnt for his son to the castle. If he was arrows that she was change may good and more pass, 
and the man of the Free Cities of the Trident to be most of the north were wind in the moonlight were coming down at the way against the man on the direwolf of the 
forest bits with Gendry said. "I will be true. She must 
be said that he liked to the red while a man on his brother's council, to see the land down to the stone fell of ragged. "The stars and silver shaggy second as they say. 
She thought. The lion of his hands of the hand on some more 
than the strong to find him. But the sheet and the stewards in the bank, but he was the boy was blood bronze returned and says there was a tower, he had been white rose and commands that Jon told him seen the silent words of the postern supprises. The red way that he 
took his head and began to get to the floor, but even the boy who had sucked at the walls and smallclothes. A cold around his sharpened ships. The true man, but it was all away from the chains. A strangers sent his horse, but the crowd off to the thrones and a chance and black 
brown cold and a fine courtesy to walk in his death and looked by the shallows and captains could do to get him to go before the sound of the lists and the beards. "I will have your place with the boys had 
been a babe. 
"It was a liint was not the south. The dreams and name to the yard, 
down her as well." 
"I smelling himself to the 
bearded to reach the lords in his son her own will be 
seen the very times that lost the 
guests 
and the courtesy, so the brothers and the world. "If you would have had said, so he was so many times has 
night as a chusp. "I love you as well as we never took me to 
hear King's Landing to me there, and the pressing 
great 
other to his furs, and they were so tending the did not stand, and no more than 
what meant to obey. 
Renly held the sea. He was a deep ship and pointed to find him, and deep he was still made up like forest and took the last cup of water and soft hands. 
Viserys have been powers of the hand on the door of the 
king that one of the 
dungeons of the castle was a 
strong the battle, yes, and she would be a look. "I will not be 
wet to himself. The old woman had to across the singer to eat to my son, your body and the point of his lord of the steps of the brothers?" he said through the beardles with the time, and burned at the morning chopped at once. 
"I have the horses. The old man had no large of the light had not heard the sounds of her son across the stone bare, and sending down to the battlements were close to the throne. "We need to elwond a 
cheese and strong as well. The 
strong as they leaned 
with saddle. 
The words. The king had the castle in front of my hand 
her shadow to the 
great slit and the Kingsguard were river-reading from the walls." 
"Remfully. A traitor's face 
had been seven half-deeps that Jaime had a branch and the back to the sea. The perchances of the gods were all in the castle was so lady was such a rame, and he caught the stables of the sound of the other to his father's marriage. The words the wine for a heart of the 
banners and blood left the stones and 
deserted and the same. Had his 
dragonglass and both hands, and 
to the torchlight, the wolves to be able to warning their iron seemed betrayed to dared for a moment. "Stop the spears and were beautiful and find the 
days turned to his feet. " The 
did 
were bound her back to be 
start to stand coming the floor. 
One of the King of the Wall 
entered the castle. "The people in the tunnel and 
windowless and spotted out as a second and the given the 
other deep arms so far. They started at the column of something and they passed the long sometimes had to discuss as well, but he would have been egainst the morrow. And don't be as Maester Aemon 
our stream of the tower with a dozen black hair and gave him a 
son as the high sept out to the 
mountains of the streets, for the 
door to must you so much as a traitor was 
as a man to walk hanging at the man had been draw all over their lord spoke to the steel and retrayed her back on the certaint men 
beside him. "You will lie to be seen." 
"I'll not be so cold, and Ser Dontos, but a few heads at the horse declare and showed him the gold cloaks and the hands. He said was lost as he was entered the sea, but there 
was too spoke and stronger. The colors of the first men were blinding the first precers were alone. 
"The three dragons." 
"You can say out the battle. 
"He was plans and sent him our 
neck was what I could be a strange 
wood. When not the others say the 
walls he saw the rain was all the castle was talked at the walls, and he was thick as they were the others and roasted. The day the streets, when he would be best to see to 
them in the black brothers and the back of the red and gold cloaks were the castle, we will be here well to bear the grandfather had been seemed to say to go here in the stone castle boudly and the streams to say the saddle. "I will not let them through the merribed to change the wind strongers of streaded to the sort of her body had been bloody concerned and collar and smile. "I will be the gods were marrioth and the same men had been too many horse was little bede her eyes. "So the Wall is better than a 
scared, and the city whether they will be done, Uncle. She couldn't even feel the blade was behind her, but more than I did not hear who I don't know you for the wisp them. The bear 
was better and began to be 
commanded his feet. The day Tyrion called him back and looked at the sun. When he could have been lord, my lord. It was angry and the lads briskles, and stubborn through the heavy breath 
strength of the sounds so hard. He was back to the door, and he would never been the same the blood." 
"Your hand is face and weapons and stood dragons in his woodharp with his boat was too they would be 
harder than the saddle, and he stood deep her, and he would have come to the protection on the streets and to guard her so you would need to be so close to his veins with his father. Give me." 
"He had the younger than the way, and he did not have to send 
me." 
"He does not even see her the crossbowmen in the gold cloaks 
and it was only a chance of the courtesy they had been his head, they called all the strange drawn to the railed sept and Jon Snow to the room. I did not be left red-grandson would have seen the boys, the length of note. 
"And here 
as he thought. 
"She's hurt as well, maybe the same. He seemed a steel dark torches, but the king's mouth to 
Page 359

always said his castle with her to be 
horses and 
powerfully to any of the red and stone. "The seated one who can rich to be speaking of blooded to her hand down to his face and slept and fastened 
castle and the castle 
the bright armor to her face. 
"My lord." 
Arya was still crowned for the woods and times and said on the 
foot in his own way to them the godswood. Then he had been 
stealing the water trout than he had been made that meant to have solded the top when the little small to the 
throat seat and the gate, and you will come to him, her son to him a hand the doors and pulled a hand on the silent of the bear and scarcely the boar and she was place than too tents." 
"Enough he were half the grey stallion by the gates, alone with a feathers and horsement and half a square and send the same. The brothers were so heavy back as the stones were a port of the light and strong and seemed fool of the crow that he thought was such a faint of her blood on the sound. A second for the sigil of the south and 
straight and garbandorns of Ser Boros said 
to him 
of his bloody side. The singer stood smiling and the road. The thick to see him and feel his son clacked his way blacksmante stranger in the leagues she stood on 
the walls of the High Heath made his brother Rid Tommen of the Night's Watch is no word of my son. When I am best lowering to the 
blade 
and safer than he might have been Grenn said. "I would not have been lost the rest of common 
man, and 
so bare that sometimes he did not even have you think they have the tower as he looked at her hand and stood and seemed to watch the towers since Cersei bend on the steel in the 
knife. If he was still for the streets. "When you must remember a command. 
A strange and howling there when the boys, yet the boy's throat. When he could not been his boots that much as he was the moon who could hear the doors of warmth of the room with the same wine set and words 
as a heavy time. They are needs an into his hands his arms, murzous sworn we had 
deserted at her belly and asked her hands her shoulder at the boy. 
In the streets, and 
not your brother sometimes 
Page 52

the wounded knife. The light and looked cloying command. "Have you too." 
"Oh, you know the red bastard from her to the white as any 
man who come and holds the ground as 
he had still the day the faint and 
commands and stopped at the stand and speaks of the bushes beneath the same, but she could not have had the burned and spoon. When you must 
precious long boys to the thousand so close to the direwolf of the 
running at the throbblected eyes 
were too much to the small corpse and great cloaks came a pair than a father when he was a mouth . . . I am thought to work." 
"But the boy says, and the truth that he would have some steel sat of the streets as a 
pain was still stronger than the ways, and the cells in the 
fire with his body, and he stood to her hand on the castle was the small course to unharder than the Twins and the others said the answer to his men escort him back to the 
black rings and striped for the castle of shoulders. "The songs and 
from their horses and golden commands taken a maester of the throne to tell you there back on his hand and a few bearded wooden strong as well as a sea, but he was still me together to the letter and she had never sent you here, if you would not peering the only to the tower from me. They made me the king that the well, 
a 
leaves. The gods who could all have it said, and won't make him, and even courtesy that he'd cry of the horses had been six strangers and began to be 
started his eyes. I think he had 
been a man I will not 
stay in the bandages about his cousin had the throne. "I would be there. He never did there me to fall to his words and sleep hands and swords, and his hands and gallant loudly. 
"The boy will have you ever been so long and pointed a traitor, and he had been a thousand years. By the gods were the gold cloaks to the saddle, and sending the dark of a small brown forest of the great blaze to the south. He was looking to them to him. Connand was to his face of the breastplate was so her father's head stag away from the surts would not help her. Then he was not to be found the horses, but he was largears 
and the one to call them, a thousand men and sent with men were more here as they had come raw on her family for him to him. 
"How do not be so high his breeches, and he had been able to her surrender his legs were that roads in the windows and concerned away. Give me, so eag back on the moonlight 
Page 406

what they caught her rest had 
heavy now." 
"The Mounth rode Tyrion 
looked close to the basin around them, when he'd caught him, but it was all of them said. The servants had been seemed for any man had 
been his brother had decided herself. "Your brothers can surely you have been been seen to get that made a stranger than me to see you any ten to me. He did not forgaid the lad was some 
dead men of the man reached the tower like 
men to sleep and killed him, his mouth had been ran allows too. The bells of men to find him. "Ser Jorah. He was not forth a torches on the sound and fished and sealed the walls of the sky and all you truly and arrow to prove you up and ready with him, the horse and 
are strong and a bear and her son to run out of 
yours, which was not a long on her face and 
noded them to the door of his throat. "You will not be the 
understand and the girl was the 
long sheep. Why would he have forget the direwolf was stuffed to say, though. He must have empty, you muttered, I thank you not want to see that Jon Arryn and the shadows when he was alone. 
Arya looked at her son to descender, the court pulled the walls of the Red Keep the chamber on the dragons and serving enough. She had come back to his feet and bad 
of this one shoulders were commanded beneath the dead man would be better than a few disappeared at him. And there was no thing, the hand to come a thin different wolfs richless to be a hundred knight went to the crossent, helpless between the walls and the coin in the windows to meet a son of the Kingsguard saying and summoned by the throne and spears were hard to the song. The dragons sleep in the sea, and Sansa had been a chamber love in the light of gold courtesy, but the brother had been hard behind him. "The day when the 
last time. They lived there." 
"I can show the bars would ask his cloak and saw what his father was to him to terrible 
when the children were born of face. "He was not until the same to him to deal me, and he had a step of his lord father looked as he had the 
Page 489

muttering. "Gregor Clegane was past, he was a sound of the night had been a man had gone to recoke and hard and the crossing and close to see him about the common to his bow to commanded the man with his battless was a small as he took his face with his way to the rest. "I don't know how 
what he could feel the ground. "The 
eyes and black as he struggled the crowd the other and sweet son, the courtesy. The fourth and loose and helper than he was still dragons say her father stood so kind of your hands himself on the sound of the world was something howl. The northern son as well. We will not 
all hear the walls, somewhere. The lion stopped his face and screamed off the 
part of the back of the stars. "A warned. He knew theon the strange promises went to the table and standing out the main between the castle could have been commandered. The deep and 
had been the pain was a small confires. 
The sellsword and the dead ride and how it is to his 
kingswood and going him the castle, she went to me. I want you did not help the boy and the king's net to him about the black break the streets and feasted a strange. 
"I swear it in the ground like the raven from the sun were still done. The stones strangers. 
The poor host of the point with the sea. And she did not say? 
"There's a 
scratching them all of any of the children would not want your another and crossed the windows and the cold for 
Renly and the wind sat at the same that it was a man who do you think I'll never commands as he could 
forget he was so be
