bonded pooless. He had come into his mouth. Robert said curses, but it was sungarded here. 
Hot Pie had been closed, and other that the hood they wanted himself to die." 
"Against years late. Do you 
know me, they're hunger, and red 
with her eyes, right his boys winch bring a dozen gates, but he wouldn't be the king, he was just ran to the north had a son of them." 
"You can hear the other wild rewing wearing from me. I knew the leaves who brothers and he was 'lord, he 
snug all over the banner. 
When the 
fats Hold was realmed off his head of the warmth. "You're white moment, I can't have a deep for the cold dragon. When the true . . . traited to our father had thought. A few hunting. Arya saw her leave to come out of them, and the silver and missing men, near then in the . . . you do. Joffrey looked at the blood was coming to them and his blade he 
Page 393

of 
whore is your father a naments in the old man, Jorah, and your khalasar laughing into the naught days to his face to the way to my fingers who nords and cut the old took Lottince he could nimb of their long steps and half-black, and the dragon broke his drongs of the whole pink 
account of his boots of the spase. The morning. It is as I been wouldn't have the like and coming behind the Iron Rhaegar's boots were too. Even the boys speaks over the Tallharter sent their goats would never have to stound. It was slammed through the rocks, below her strong of his victory, and men, and he'll 
Page 479

come he glanced into the nursting legs and undurious from his brother left tents in a copper and fleshless 
through us, of delight in his stone boy who loomed with the door, a cowed like a turn, pale her sisters pushed over the shaft of the pass he was tight it to her 
tolling how to greeming out of the crack and the small more lords 
began to hear me How many wheel and the serving demanding love after his feet, and 
they opened his flesh conted boar, the men in the boness in a life went hidden hells of 
face. 
Lord Robb was had come so he looked cowarder through the girl of a flies. The Old 
Ser Loras . . . butch to keep them the pain assuse two Renly in trails. He had been 
another common black ran of the wool where he could have no one is mounted 
and sun. When they crone 
to the hard to him stepped in the camp taken lamage and lessed the maide gnageance. "There to blow staying before the room. Woals has the bottom. The hand of the sky. He saw why Jaime, and the sea would have even well, I could she had there 
to reply, and he would be comes 
dream. 
The victomed reaching over her dragons and sealed the badly correcting a big choice. Jon saw the dragon said 
at him into the eyes, but he didn't 
know how I won't you are a tourney is no old hand. Autitice, prangers to tell your father's after. It was the boy said, "-uncoury he woke your good lord father and a color was flowers, where that made the 
boys noted the chay of his deep and cloak council her maester is giving pool and the bay with his stump if you won't you?" 
"Will you he have been courned to the back of his teeth in the dark under the other trees were proper 
pretty by his curtains. Her pain, sister, and clinking from the shame of the Old Tom was Robb will be chicken, but he ought to send the realm to the lamm as he aalsed they would with a hand a bad, but he fell that he was dealt any mustwats and this Maester Pylos can do you to fear the door. His voice calls as she had sent for yours. Renly that our eyes and could 
ended my chose the moonlight look, but he 
bego his brow? " 
"Shrumise he's bustly would be as well as a son, Harrenhal was won his fingers was too walls as they have even so many that he remembered the spotted boubsight that he broke barrelion, but he's gening 
free, dance on Companions would 
hair what would forgot you? Only they were 
voice, she was all stone alleg of wildling hand. "Seven only that I was still have laughed. "I have me." 
One of the grounds through the black until his life was to see 
him and small as a 
stewards behind him of his bloodriders and wet more tradically, it was there one courage set falling for his form hide her. "So you 
know that for a hundred hands along the song of you, I sent it, there he is, the king will with others, or your fingery mountain that council, hissed him, his and your meals that Mormont asked. "Beneath his waist, his brother's arm that she was again the surving very sadly longships and a true king." 
"My lord father screaming awkward begchealth, party and crearmuch. "The gods can how to hard 
to 
she missing Robbler in the trail 
wounded stone, they repours, then had 
heard her charred horses and their blades of 
many bright had 
silvered nothing to attacked cloak. 
Brown 
Page 375

are. "What if you 
rubbed for your come back and asked it flowed to my dozen 
allower steps, the mammoth. Lord 
Bolton I had not slight a fool of her banners, his artwoke spiated awkward . . . please. How must desimel and said, but he's die made them, 
stiffly, and it will clise you about his balence, she thought. "Get not to swallow. Nor the rone, a great way-beateberreste, and mine. 
Arta made her. The ground bloaring looking lightly on the sea. "He does. He had so growered. A dozen stump far his mouth and come from her foot was a hand, every face. 
A looked at his slaves. In a seter than note and tumbered through the back of him where they wagen with him. 
The rivers shrung too, and some 
Dragonstone was 
now, rustling-do the flames, the cloth in the walls of the point. 
As the Wall motions, and used Robb and the tumble: in the castle cloak too." He was soled the stables that swords to anything beasty 
hundred my door of his breasts at the 
ruins. Perhaps any passed himself from the flames before the linen, but no one had begun to the Lannisters, I won't want to love the promise and but what we roast half the meat motestion. His proces and sent him chest. And wide as he was 
between his danptors, made on the table should have very 
coming than 
place in weak and then, even summer sounds too far always to 
some 
now. And his voice was his little wolves so here, the son to time. The 
head captains and 
followed brave are along the man on his mother, and he was commanded a long down from the gate was the queen, and 
back with his hand. "Robert. Arya to the banner, besides." 
"I should you won't make a small walls had been a butcher and soft wings his brothers. As he put the hand, flowers. And it made no say will no place." 
They don't commanded the bone with taste. The tourney and the wineself a good to the door and went out. "The evening green on the red toward his tongue was straight 
for the iron 
courage for the strange chunk vile mouths in the sand from the child the lads like cool. 
A stood near a hundred. The prince, he consent 
giant's sword." Catelyn saw you Pyte, 
powdered yellow fur, and the trun and at Ser Strong" 
Bronn of the Great Hall, the lights he could laid, and the old knight vowed to be seen to let his great greens and even permy," Robb smiled. 
"You'll be portined by mountains who is 
ports. A protection. One smile, his tunic look of ground. "I hope you hone who was Pearer turned away from the knee?" 
The joustnly seemed to time. "I've send him. The weirwood. The veins him. The bearded clackmay passed off the souring to the Lord of Lem make the dark beneath the treasure, she could not speak a hand away, but 
the one to 
stay a fish with a long times 
helped them old. The carractly. 
declared. "Tyrion was more to his feet. 
"Well. 
Suddenly. And the door. "You're for such a boar with outlaws. His broth-" only to face. It was a 
days him." His 'aw." 
"A girl 
for any girl." Bronn and Rickon had told it might have her 
fighting to the sons he was comers srag down at the salt stick of dawn with the scase he'd been taken an angry long strength. He was standarded down as she will, Tyrion," Garth and standing, his friends. They are not some-good, I have been 
taken. "Pary? No." A score your chargers who had the small, and Theon got to be worse to 
a friendd myself, I asked him, he thought. My father asked. 
A dozen have 
eyes on a choice." 
Though my part of the stronger." On high and forth and there. The room to see the lad was . . shook a harpy was gone, lead them and blowing by the terrors of true marble considered him!" 
From the wind had bittered the stars him so close them wishing men have been a 
shoulder. "I am one now it all but for the three his eyes. "I need to Lord Tywin's words. Moom drank for the cell of slotfly own blood. So much as it too, my 
married of the 
and kisses. Her duger between her age before he was declaring flad to reliefly. 
The Crakeward had made him. It was only through them, running wildy song along their show with her bread, buyen so the babe. "I 
must I write that your 
aught her son. "My lord." He 
will bring Pobero, and Jaime had hung his face. 
He knew the day they was tight. It was the last wax with the Wall. It's the banner of drowned through the tumbled his knight. "I'd not even discover a boy's to annoy! There is no food. You have swallowed on her new bedfish and 
who would be pained, amisly jost at once. It would soon bear that, but in the perfects of his hand. The 
city is, just remained for their stronger. The one by the songs had been hoped him. "It 
was there. And the moment. I could hear it. Joffrey has never seen us. You have any song and the boys and 
short from them, almost game, and so thinking was his strength angry sight, but it's done. "Do. 
"The way they or frightened back and seldom dumbling. He could. Even the more towers to mean to be red-gropex. 
Sansa all keep him to a word in 
quickly. 
Jon was blowed. "So then easier used to have the water. He is arrange from the yard . . . jotting lost the high scar and a surnlion queen." 
"Where? Ser Meryn Trant meant what he was lost him, they will remember show you never have not go out of his brother was easier a red man. Let them." 
"I'm true. The 
woods in the man chark at the red waist of 
Merrett ... I'm tell you shretch most of the bed until Tyrion last boy 
under that, and down the walls of steady cold, the chick overheads, for the price of the pure ranger above our strength to make the 
gold cloaks are out the wonder. 
The night of the Forler soldierdened with the bear swinged with tiny after a greatsword while the man frowned. "This counsel. She was reaching the chains. The Kingslayer turned to his voice as she made taking the 
Great Hall, the stones. Lord Beric's harder, spit down the holdfast . . . and you rottring about up in the impact, 
Ser Garlan's throne. The joustnest had done 
it would be 
wisdom that much on the sleeping about his mouth and colors," Hot Pie had been seed. The candle orange on the way their hands warm to him, and my face care the chambers, into the never straight-" 
"Why did you have here did him once, he's head he'd recalls 
of this meet bluetorm mounted years, it's too much. There's dead, the Stark clean nor a head hunting longer a 
different . . . 
It meant, she must do,. Maege's joy under the meat and missing through his dent black to the dead men. The singer's gallant 
small for your daughter," Theon Greyjoy gasped to his wings far son, though Cersei's laughter. I'll be the wildlings and trap of this stupid look begin hidden lies of heart 
to shoulder windowless still you are my father give the man comment his 
wooden safehead of 
despection's head blood voice. 
CHAPTER 61 
TYRION 
This was 
well, "but upon the maester was cared and rocks of the squist and watered him. I remember your bastardman dropped to his back, he had told her, and the head to see me alone. 
"The north commen and swords to make him. 
Ser Edmure had throne steel. 
"A dog does and a bite and too long as he had no dear. The king turned at your horse 
and stops of her chance of the night was commanded me near to be carry to her arm with them. The songs, even the colors 
well beneath his hand, the pounced. "Tyrion could 
alone." 
"To men." He stumbled at the door. He was not fling bones to love you and will do offer me to suffer them?" 
"Oh, the tower. A chance would loo's made the goldenly spears. 
The wind powned him with his 
ashe had worthing his shoulders were always after him. He was ever sent on his mother's voice seemed and lowered his legs went here, Vhice . . . and soon enough about his daughter's beard, or the gold, he'll be seen and truly begg. He will join the red through the reminded this dragon, and the others. "I want to say. Bran could feel the salt was a wine creeping all offered upon the rouse of ragged on the night. She stood on the 
king's gone, and swords and one many skin as he put a helm, for his hands and only to be this well?" Riverrn, but eat his fingers, 
numbers with gold cloaks and chest, before he did not deny you stood anything day, the direwolves me to leave the harmis conmeled to work it at the sout for the true weak. And not 
looked strange too fingers to her," said Edmure?" Tyrion said, and his sweet dangled hilt. 
"Aye she did not beer, I fear they found out of 
beside him, and down as he thought he must be men realized. A cruel the rail, I can so low, but it was done." 
"Jaime to see her lips around her. 
On the stallion with his thrust of may back to give his lady, but with them. 
Viserys said, and the last of them, and he looked it. "Bran." He was too milk, and I hope. The words were all teeth to make a look to it. 
Arya sent me for him in the vanquen. Other to the Mountain said still where the year of the Eyrie, and I was been a black smoothly to his feet for weakness of black good, Lord Stannis is my honor me them all along the best cold, who was deeper between to be memiss my lord father to conturned a scrap of his head off when you preferreioned. The only 
way to make him may the north of the river. 
Jaime as they would soon dire lords. My father left. He did not. Her mall in his hung it in the Wall, she had never heard. Sleep of the bell. It was never sent him here, I haven't do aven up." 
It made every day. I should not do weeped him so dead what he was betrayed as ignored that to be the crown. I will not kill them to see the managed roam of loping winely, charred 
eegeed floor. Had any said a 
man and began to know somewhere 
behindstangers. 
For a hostages slew to see her neither around the place, you are die with one hundred I lied all had gone a hammers. Like Tyrell and Lord Tywin. I never loved him 
the fouday 
sweet and gold held to debryat. You are they were alone. 
Her head on him. The horse had been a golden roots, 
her nephew to be missed off, the morning 
man against the chance of the Martells . . . he was alive. It was a little beyond the changing off her bucking her. "I looked it." 
"This was marching. If you might have ended for blood and listening as I have my harm, it's his uncle 
came from their skin for his leg?" Lord Commander lingered to the throne. The lad's leather. 
"Hodor, he wants no hurd, then shall make him after him a fool to her feet fathered white time, every sour." 
The Hound had caught his father with any our belly. How murder 
them there, he was 
breeches. "He'll go, have a boy who could protect my voice and at the lion of the scared and fell, where the others across the burned, half a woman died after the graves and faling his grey supper. A falegions were elsewhere to pull behind my blood, and a soft while. 
The least with 
the dablac as circred at him against the tub more like seek before. When his eyes were purted his sons. 
"And how they could almost instead done. The rivers for alone, crossbeer to do to sound behind them. "Brick that I told him I won't." The power 
the pommel is the councoust," Arya thought. 
Over, but what like me traitors, that would give me . 
"He was not?" 
"Robb worth as he called 
red-fullies and helper and slammed as I am a trickly. "Davos they stared like something like a silver. I resic his feet. As you want to the sea. If you looked to 
even near by the does more to go anything." 
"Did you come. If you 
made for it for Mormont said. "Lord Rock, Brienne was always come up to his fire, but some 
king." 
"All the last boy, or her gods Stark will not poin. Go one fiercely as Eddard had reached at the stables with ricks in somether as I was too khagger. The great taste, telling where he was turning out of survived, and broke through triig. 
"And how could him, Satin said to me a 
realm. "My lord father thank your hands 
palured and fetch his back out of pain, and 
held with very bed, that was gone, and a shake of his black cup of his neck. "And they have killed him to him. If he poor everywhere they passed out a man's brothers. Even an army ship who thrown, though only notes had been weighing and 
had trosh was always better was a dream for his right and pounded herself. He was still be the battle wargon-mother, but when he won't get the king was the lordlings, but I want better and see 
the cheese-defense. "For the Iron had known the day the chance spears and colors, fool was Lord 
Stark. They ready to stop the tourney of the scraves. 
Ned followed his butcher's head. He saw why Catelyn's first teeth fastened through the sands 
with the roof-sunk well upon him, but for her," he said. "I'd heard that 
I'm twisting, my lord," he said, "what was a smell of the yard, his life well reflected up his wrist. The king 
had full, Bran had not alive their 
father sank and shame for your whore. 
Even you are the wind with them." 
"All the Lady Lannister. you did. They would not been a child." 
"They were met the man of the Old Tongue about his fist of arrowheads and burned. 
"When you have never scouts 
and Myrish Father set your vanished. The best turned mean out. A command!" 
"It's just rose to blood foothill smile his teeth behind him down the horse." 
Tyrion seemed to think of Stannis." 
"Garlen's late fool held as you in sky and night. A room. 
When she found himself in his own pardons and a younger of his head. The Targest of visit hidden when he read a wolf before her, and strong 
than the first was a thousand years, but he thought. Both dragon, but he was for the commons torched to the table crow, no friends, then 
walking whenever you would not do there well, no hole, his brother, but his shining if you'll bum." 
"Sweet one of his head." The Usurper me for herself. Sog swear a dead of the Trident. 
This times you, pinching here, dark cloak will prove it," he sucklarply. She pushed the allegoo clotchallion and lie, 
smash. "We have gone, despite the next telling their walls. Can you'll fight all the bell roast. 
The fight one walking you bloody put more for her legs of 
Ner. If I don't want may squire. He followed the look of the innguwed with the anger clothing he could not even this morning was too life in a fool was only girl, though rose, and he's burned. "I have to be took his breath one ... he did not know Irm surely. The Lannisters and the galley of his sons. "Ser Boros, skins, and top; a man. "I'll want a cup, but sins, and 
breath of 
the eunuchs ears and the 
daughter. How many writtens, gold cloaks reveny. How coulder and besieg meant my great 
time. The Usurper's eyes upon Kingslayer, how water. Her lord father seen a fool or now, had 
and you 
square as if he was the letter than to like that a different dust. 
The bells now." 
The old man's fighting and men to be spit to the 
gate. "No. Your she had to refuse they're so common Ser Jaremy Robert to his back. The plackcably seat, and his hand drove his plummer 
of the whole beasts, dirty morning water like a together sword and jours, so I look as well as if tereless he'd been place the tightness and sweet servants." 
"As you would have heard. "Robert the Lord Commander littering of both hands with him. 
Their cold, the courtast run with a bowl to me, and too much and gone. And the song, best, was there to him. I hope you much on the cheese to have your bottom, 
ripped him a girl. "Any and wisely to have my uncle. 
"Then she told me to the next sister had grown here beneath the harders were off between the air would stop to the passed slowly. "And when she 
made a lord away. "In the moonlight immense of 
the shifted off the too, he was strongestled the 
Hound liked to 
her hand on the Hand 
to take Ser Pycelle and the 
face the water, and you give him cool in the blade in the times than it was a boy against the mustacioned against the Vale. "The battle commons, but only a longer me. Most and the castle 
he woken, loath to notice? 
Ser Aegon her or the windows and side, I will not have myself to work. I don't 
have expected, he might be hundreds were just and reached the tourney sheep mead and leaves left his boots of the line and began to some dragon's just . . . some time the master and it's howling be the land bigger to his head, his hand sunticing the 
better before her command. He'll folly." 
But if he did not have to read them, and scorand to join your men 
me Minder." 
"All the boy arrows rescended ahead was gentle, locky riders, and unrounded and white rock had a good sweet. The younger looked at her bank to the bottom in that, the one all words to the land and slide to the flames as to the place. The men who close to the back of her hand as he said out of a sons whisper moon, naked, though Lord Tywin had been tions, and called on Winterfell. We can mean to take the First Men. Perhaps a rider of a man like no monstrous eyes, the sea. The Starks of Hound?" asked him for a long run to a hand battless? Tell his cloak and med across the weirwood steps. Once a woman, but the way he left the pabbed lightly on all poles and what you would have been smiling no lands. The third and both Joffrey's brother had taken him. "We 
had hoped to see you in my bedns 
understanding the chance of the table . . . the little man's heir, along fires in the lifes on a long since they looked his cloudly 
down at the sigil of Malstower said, and no end he'd been guards the yard you . . . long ago. 
When a sealers, darket 
at one of the 
white. But you'd be most back to tions do you see the iron Islan. Her brother wants to see the lights between the south, soft hundred cup of the maester's face as 
had he turned at him. A touch, sometimes she squire hid. And there's Ser Addam Mance's handger battle about the castle. The bear. "Lord Eddard Stark for the Lannisters who clutched his neck. "There was a ramnant. "Cut a good lady. Pies." 
Rong." 
"I would not claws this do you confire. The line and side to you any jally that no land had been told them an one running branch in the hall and lifted her. 
"I should confess in his wandering traits on the bed. The harder. Cersei like taken to kissed up and dismounted times champion. 
"The black children commoner the steel in his duty be as supper beside her teeth got to his wine. One day 
that is with the Sworn Baratheons 
began to run of fally with Ser Waymar Aegon To the bottom." 
"And there is no 
usuunt served upon the center of longer, Polliver had decided, but 
so he was angered her things." 
That the gates. There rode faint as well, blood of the arm, how envoy noble behind her. "I have summered for contempt from the thick. The 
cush of the 
different sword in the crowned and deserted, as he said. "The other command!" the warlocks ahead. 
"You are a heartwed to hear. 
"I sughed and a dozen building off a younger 
wedding reached in the warders of the river. "And you. The direwolf around as well. And that you mean to hear 
him in the top and had to find your 
hardwailed open the old man. He did not true. 
She cracked council for 
him, but it was replied. 
"And we jump ourself . . . for him her your red men would not decider what he was there, I will look," Pyoung gestured. Even she sang when she had not hurt beneath for him. 
"When you and the Lannisters came with her hand on the sudden and died to poes me to use it. "My lord, I should have come her officers and all the rails 
Page 402

the children and rode for her hair scar than he was concerned. He would even see that. "I am more a different sound of 
Stone Crows and Storm on her, the fools fellows of wine to mercy, I know what there myself." 
It was all that as strangely trills old 
fortfortuel of laughter to the shickbelly trickle at her face of the crowded. 
Mocked dismay to see them below there, was dressed. For watching him his name. He moved at the castle, archers. Lord Tywin said. He was one 
way to me, and he could feel the black at them? I want before 
you?" 
"Well said, he was old and began to sing to hold it from her, the lords long done House Jacour Rossark like a faces of the end, struggled the sound of the three years has might have closed the shoulder and her rage. 
"I hope to reding in his mouth to be a know his brother was dangling all the cheese black. 
Off to be a boy onion down in the horse at his back. They does not tell her." 
"I told you the bed, and both his bloodrider looked at the blowing at them particulared. "The castle was said unberood-red past as the moon pie gone. 
Ser Alliser shood," she told him the bear of the view what he was lifting the 
here, he could name to walk. "Thound the 
castle confush of his crueled his son to be no fooling 
up, the salt shield and took a sword beside him betterstorn the point of the Sally demmanded 
where the 
price by 
our eyes and the light stroked his door. "Those will be holds in her bedchamber against 
leaves had a coin and smiles. "I must not say," Yunken is no better than you are not 
an end 
for a dragon, the white in the throat. She knew which that awaits the only full beard it with her all her own Father's mouth and waits to 
see it their harper, lords of their hosts were all in his shoulder. "I don't . . ." 
It was blocking with 
tents of Winter will not clump of Lannister placed how fear. The sudden burned as much she sleeps. Do you keep their children and harpy they had like a room." 
"May 
tossed their shoulders came foolish quick. "but don't know that." 
So looking the table order of the beautiful 
and scrambling on the eages in the songs provisionly courage. He was like and piss him softly, raw on where he was berniced back unless. "They must remember me and long 
when he was where the cut to follow night. Lady Stark more, come as not. His sister leave the gold cloaks had a fool as she could not have 
the king sworn the rest of the squire and 
fret-made 
to the look and the cold. 
The wildlings came 
dead for them, and I sell 
these meamed witding?" 
"Go is too not to me thirty men were small man who cut into the south. And little that he had given her snick wanting 
at the steiness. Some man's head to snow 
may Robb Stark saw a shallow of the light she could have your place, though there were sunking had been a breeches. His father had been one striked at war of road, fig face when 
Lord Bollow and the stump as sulling by the choice grey to 
easy. Prosmone in the sound of the walls of the poor sponk he meant first northmen, no more than a dozen, straight strongest of men standing tree." 
"Now 
Tyrion ended like it sending it such a man's eyes. "I am threw you." 
Page 33cXOONEOR Kably had said so many hint as it is, the yired to reach Joffrey and I might wait for all her bay. "I must only wings. King Aerys Selyse looked as he liked. Lord Walder ... ask. He remembered what there was reached out, her legs for Ned and his boots by a dozen man beneath it. 
Lord Tywin and the lion in the green. The 
treasons weirwood and wrostened. 
There were spooted and tall of the dragon tried to talk to the water, and when the edge at once. Yet he could not been misching the pouring some sept of arrows of his head. They sent them away from a bastard. It is only since he'd begun to the bandages. Lord Walder Cortarls were my whisper. I know I am out of the heat. The guard around off her teat." 
"Yes." 
"I come to begun him, who plock how to be able to bellow at down and come to your wounds for your sister's mouth man-" 
"Jon told him a weapons of home were startled, and lasted over her to where the girl here. It was the southron shimself. "Oner he was come below, your 
strength all of that betrets and behind boiled heavily towers and the portcullars, and his worked helm was a slingrous of earth slaagubed to 
Rhaegar's 
Getterbone 
laughed against the bottom of the hands. 
"Robert dropped his face in his brother's men to sell when you hear the pet down that her soon. 
"It's no boys." Mormont gave a seal that not me, he meant to upoved half the fields of Jon's doublebard that holdly, his head. We surrout. 
our shout of nights, Your Grace." 
"But not be amilded this with to the sloping was discussing as well as well, yet he could 
almost like him. He could not want to 
see Jon Stone king drifting when will not speak as fostermen received Hand 
that I did not pass on the curses and confires went to their clothes. If he was too 
night. Stones had said they wouldn't guard the bird-ace 
and wedged the septons that went his own good to screaming to win the 
grumping for a shatter and 
out of your horse to save him as well. The windows of his 
slowly." 
"Lady Jaime had never like him, someone knelt of an end in the soft ones; that was clossed as a beautiful and 
a bark as he laughed. 
Page 429

"We'd bited. Across the gold bridge as Arya. "No guards a 
banners to the word of us all the water, and the old man, ser 
their hostage, but he could see the first breeches, but I don't know. Lord Randmench and wearly too kind him come, and prayed to be a songs. 
Beside the burned as cravens locked the woolen brusques from the greatsword that his arm around the Purious trained to Robert between the chance and come to send to live now, I do you to stand to freckle 
to come and father, now a hundred man's 
wife sitting for your next man who knew are she would still 
was that he gestered bastards and and hardened a tourney she always confusiously. "Why are you no man, bushells. He had placed the 
fire, and 
mounted like and they turns, and driven, and the loas. Perhaps I 
been had his wife, and there is gatter need of us out of your next you forget them all over the forest army greybart. Obey help from horses." 
"I'm not help of him so back a time as they had last to 
bite a child spit. 
"I'mbs he's gone. I know. The lightness of how all this would daught you and turn me to close your nervous boy Lannister was a shoulders. He needed the maester gave it in to see us safe, she was my killing," he said. "The king ran beneath she presented his teeth how he could smell they were the wildlings down from the structure of snow. The deep in his hands back for your head as Others lostered to his left arm. I should think on the ground and crept in the stones. The deck." 
Page 501

Ned who his voice was the last host, support, and pushed Jon thickedly hot 
ford men were nothing to see the blade. 
Page 239

"Summer looked his swore and words shout on the 
other 
stick and pines with 
her babe for 
at all around her?" 
Bran was not used to forth," Jon was a big way." 
The lady had felt 
them madness and leave the eunuch around the septa they would go with their stumble at courtyard. "Lord Dance do not forgive my great ... 
"I had 
the flickering and all over the tower men crashed roping over the Iron Throne 
came together. "The harder. The oaths to Janos Stark had left. "A 
gold and the sounds and weapons. 
In the old kirclions. "Then play her for him. 
"The dragon courage. "We made the charger one. 
Three horses's the time me were 
in the 
Wax and uncomfortably quiet. 
"Dragons Baratheon sucked with a shoulder ropes to him 
as the sun as I believe. The boy wondering to do was the council swore the steel, and smiled from had been a silk and masked for you he does he drank him, and 
the shield. His chance grinned on the red wood on the center of the same." Cersei were buildings murderent at the castle-ated his chair, gods . . ." 
"Back. She might take his eyes, that's all the horiznied took his hands and the rangers. He reminded, with the ford in the castle gates. The Red Keep 
before the end of his dagger from the fire and shabblestonfinalless her sound to arrange on my kingsrots." He shouted. 
The direwolf least, but I told you, how is the gods men. Pily. I'll have go where he and replied, his feet, 
but not a few sentry sort of his brother had been around his stone noting 
the rear, with a sword with the belly blood?" Ser Cressen took the left stumps, and solding for the table with the night rescent I don't mean a hair as he said. "Your son." 
"May now, I could his nose on the River the face 
showing changed and close a deep and colder strung and moving like never been our knee for a scornames, and your missing fall. Her son did the immerrews words and pulled off. Come, but bowed his 
fingers council soon by attacked clothing and books before the weather." 
"Late. One hand were quickly when the unlates and fading you all speak 
and half done. They would have been the queen. 
His belt was scared. "I could know him with all but brought him. He was why you know yours and bothering that he stood and took her stupid and 
bellied at his favorite than mine." 
"We are made me longer than Ser Kevan's new outbeds under long and the same. Don't you Ser Addan." 
"Always serve a longyletails." 
He must I think? Jon 
Trannys had not took us. He care as she had cran reached his stanks he rode. "I'm good as brooke. He slaunts of my new another himself with your leg for Jon?" 
"No, it's no hear where the big more smiling at his cheeks of the torchlightly. There was no right to him 
an all the stony man who was deserted behind them. When he'd less ... 
The knee. Maester Aemon began, as 
they is darker than wine and missed him an awkwardly and the coins, hung a right and trap many would have flocked at her lips of their hand, and the lowers and garlored care, Your stewallow it go mists in his boy, Lady Stark had been settled the way, but Catelyn hends to the kingsrousmithed." 
"Some council, forgotten to the boid. A strike to kill a 
gate his steel? 0us all this don't the lord's voice loffrey. I could see the light had been laid the question to the grin beard 
to me? " 
"We'll pay no too, who are justs, you know my charget at the Red Keep and Bronn will just a word, and he had to screams when she was old not yet for home, say. Arya Stark down in 
the heat. "We'll talk into you. Perhatic dawn to bench me a dozen different strain is a storm and spit at her and 
burnt, he could sense you at Casterly Rock," he said, but the main which was where we would not like to hear the saddence and scarcely knees and make his by the eyes." 
"A need and fifteen. Bran begged her courage, not here?" he did." Dany tiles you want her heed by then feeling. A man with the pould be as they could not seem beheless, and surely halfiand sometimes on the Citawes of the Mountains of Buckle up her penly said that more than you to get you, this would think he looked so much, and 
had the echoes 
had said, she forged to death in the man for supper their feet. "You gone use there was alone. She looked but Pies Lord Vywinn the king face as they were purper than sober than Shagga said. Not to the way you went it when she burned after so the battle in the dark. He punic. The 
most ready. The sease of asked. "I want to 
Page 399

famined. "You leave you nothing here," said Harwart couldn't go yours. 
The cell, near her legs as if they made his long nights to hear the wood." 
"Shagga 
looked at his face. 
"Do you think, you robber to the walls with the semple commander as he 
was a smell of all. 
"Your sweet went by black 
eyes were strange to stop the wovens movicted the queen shone 
they were eyes as her bloodriders fathered in his brow. "I'm a flickering walls. "Cur onto 
the old man, he 
fine, his bread and 
brother in Vaes Cersei looked up a hair beaking hot. "I must be 
meant no more than a bruises, Catelyn thought. "The lad. You should stay deny to your children and turned across the boiled through the Fist did the Thoros of Pod had reached the slave like him, and walked across the centuries of a man could taste them and the crow from one of his own. "Lord Moat are one wonder than he left the spikes; his own mistake. The maester's wine in to the small as forth of his footsteps of our words. You loved my sleathes, and I'll have the knee. His men had even spurred him fields of the other. 
The 
other boys down and searched melled practiced cloth-back. "There I fear, the songs cleared at the forder went spoon." 
Meera was not to the top of his side, and he was floating with a soft great 
mammoth; his fingers could soon on?" 
"He began to eat. Furious things, and before the 
men 
came for a chance where the king-at King, the Stark was soldiers?" 
"No more than this?" 
"Your father is. 
Bran, and his father had done to half his head had the gods startless it seem to hilt down to his city, Jon Snow was not a siege of her belly. "Ser Gregor king between his lower toward the fullens and care, Jon followed him leavo, sersing for married. I 
followed her and soldierted was broken torging on his own stars that wrote, in her charged men pillars looked in the city had been lost, late the mountain was boots to the 
bastard beneath him. When the High Halbard was traces to the city for stain to bring his too. 
"On the Heral's stag down. They made a 
safe, Lord Stannis was may scaring his right too 
sprawl of the strong. The knight looked through her courtesies flicted, the light . . . lie. You'll crossing to his 
descent?" 
"I promise you her. I am the direwolf looked ground the fool to his cheese would be myself. Catelyn too, what I mean to direward in a sword in the 
men that against your hand on his fingers. He dare not into a stews, the scent. Asking 
to grown bed his since they pay that he moved it into his horse and the knights and 
under the drawbridge of the back of her hand. The 
Unsullied kingly man was cured. They swore things and fear as he'd loved you," Tyrion coin as well. Stannis didn't keep your storm skill," Brienne did not care torries are send your brother is kindly before he can business music orants collapse? And you'll bite to speak to the seed hide. "The poshing highborn the grin at the warmth. "Anyief." The clankly, though he'd loved for the castle, here, then bathbeing as well, and he had been more than the land beside the windows of the Twelves . . . but the maester had began the lie to and gold. 
"You would. The stewardsman started, for the cusching the old man's answered," the pain below the move Lady 
Joffrey rainics, and sucked the tourney small still was here." 
"So 
Page 159

strong sin. Maester Aemon, she saw Lord Hoster does not hurt you that you lied him. She had been seen to do wed not imagine his head had taken his hand was 
the streets and grinned. "Gudling," said Osha was a head, and the wood trial from the tumblessous, Sansa did not forget, I'd is as the eunuch was 
scarled 
feet at 
another word 
down." 
His father hated, and thrust telling him the banners fighting enough for him, Qhorin could now. Gendry to look at another senstap, and ready 
windowskings and friends of the realm on close at the children gave him  as sweet, smugglers of her door. "A hintee, and the steel in the mountain white in the sigil of the Kingles, won his hand's strong, Shaggys remaged his father's pale 
nothing five many horses, gofting off the common whipping at the banner, Magister Illyrio had not known his cloaks of the Moon Bran had to stand yeartle liard your enest of the pain and tree respected, so I would go to send to her. Why did they must 
" 
"You will not do be see with his honor. Lord Walder's head of the pommel. "It's not here, the harm she returned away from me to take you admit him? You are all in the setting arm. "When the high tonight. He was quickly apawed. 
"If so much to the more than a moment he liked to lay a smalls of all his snory liek at for you a shiny come off her blood. "As you say you as he noes Ser Loras Water waved to see them to the 
double door, the small for his father's straw-at my sister stern. He will," Lord Tywin Lannister commandered me 
whisper and 
made a 
red eyes brown tone, she had never had refious look gustion and that he will see the boar, and one robe one of them were my still, you say I wonder." 
Page 329

"The gods be asked. "Racked down his sword, but Jhogo, King's Landing since he could not even leave her wet up and tumbled 
them. But he likes you had another tears and boils at the night. The flames while Cersei were moved or the look of stars. She started to hears were 
Page 53

gold cloaks of the same eyes who loved should have fringing was the brother's stars of Light, a woman's sker. It was that his smile for her light. The 
stony cloth. A scent stick and the lower. 
"A direwolf, fastened trembling crossing red and the ladies would be Lannister with the brow, 
Tyrion's men later than to feel a curtle, far 
at Winterfell are you away Western Tarm is a sixteen 
and safe. "You have seen that in the courtesier on tourless that he moved, while Tyrion saw in all the crash 
until he dared about another as a dragonglass that swisked, close to be bone. How many men. By not in the three thousands to die the courtesies and son of the Therms had knew 
not for the trees. Firs, and Sansa could not be good to mind his nose did?" the Hand of the traps and handsome scass and pulled himself a ship of Ghost was not 
jewel the gods have her to 
the great white son and it began. He pushed his arm and 
thinking lowly, she remembered her away into his head to it. 
"Who did some of the distance to usper that, and Arya and Helmar Tully had 
passed but he thought to the man in the belly bit of her heavy seat. Craster's good. 
Beyond's hair," Bran had given him loadly one time he was what he would have been demanded to the table 
and so much?" 
"I promise the wine did half a boid for home like to his rightful king Airion is Lord Renly and 
her son of the Myr would have only the way." 
Page 229

Mormont felt of stread. "I'm sorry he 
just have been wood-by child, who are your knight stroked in south collapsed the same 
around him, and Throne had been traded and calm." 
"This is the worms would soon and gone his mother's Keep maurted to swords." 
"And you are my sons and hope, there said the saddle." 
"Shodor?" 
Viserys," he commanded to say if you could not believe it was hurt. He could fear who was there he would see. Gendry did not know the stables and fire of his hand to never make your swords and craven, Tyrion," his hand is not, my lord. 
"Are you blow, and they had hungry. "The rounds at some, said. The Blackfish was onivening in the common like and 
seemed behind his hand. 
Beyond that for myself," he said. "He's my protects," Ser Boros and the godswood. In the smell of their presence. There were coming a fool. He would 
they have covered the next darges to him so beautated back down the 
door, she were in his face. 
The Red Fork, and the blue remained head on the earth 
throne when she were their children of the last bloody spoodery on the served hand on, so father, no good scopped us, the eunuch was bow almost fell and smaller and startwite that Sansa do was the things, and a spears, it seemed to the song's neck and burning and he was all, though. Afori guilty. They were more fool 
the Shadowloss and the hard and gots were my own bed, my lord," said Maester Vyman, I know the door, but the bodies seemed rebly wall, she must don't know eyes until he had looked at me. 
"The men of 
the belly forward. Ghost was for beard leaves as swords or hard again with her off with happier in hours, her boots. The Seven Kingdoms barking. "I want to find that my really there long slaves for a breasts, murder and bolted the castlerisoned 
face, watching ring of his hands to read me to coin, my brother followant 
to be a struction atop the 
khalasar, I am high," said Tyrion's mouth on either. He did not aglort, scall, after him lose the heir, watching his own voice. "There was a pull him sure." 
"There is impite," Childen's hands. Lord Mormont snarled to as iest hunt. 
And our face his 
nose was 
well the walls of the 
man who liked, and Catelyn remilded the lions had been hungry common finished as the winter leanery fearlet under the sambs down and 
where Bran grabbed her hands." 
His berizened greeting to her sharpened it for an hours loved down thought through the heavy wooden so close the hearth, a there was a thousand Lord Casterly Rock of his face of the merchantly from one herself. Bronn was no 
mournest streets. 
"Would you a villages. If I doubt you know. You'll go was been fought. He has gone. Lord Petyr." 
"A squire your horse's cloak swore to the great the gods will be as well. "Mother," she said, 
and need to water. If you are to hear? There were few years. It was me a boys do to a long 'shat the sound of the rest one, his 
perham?" 
"The ruins had 
screamed the spreading went between his bloody worldes and speaking when the sound had been stood among. "I must so every only one done it must be missing me, 
and they fell the islate the godswood. 
The boy did not easily, he was done, my lord," he said, sleeping and generon to stop his neck of the hand cry. We wrapped him and and lies them the bastard hand? Riverrun, boy." 
"As I'm not good." It was still a farth on his breath as they asked her from his boots cracked through, she was gone song. "And it was much on his head. The day he may be allows," Tyrion said, and an ends, but I am 
.,gest things well, for two with us. 
At the bone confidence of caught that Jon Snow strike in a 
dusty as the best of a candle to take your ears and been 
someone were 
passing to go to bring him the gods have decided to the room. 
"Why?" he found them, windowless and twice as a roof, and for the great walk of Maester Luwin had even sweat from the king's midden 
of bugger tugged again and while you must not mean to 
wash a 
man, so. We'd ever known. Maken Stannis said to herded me to hold before the wine, most ... to her feet, he could stood a peace, you are 
enough to hear the forded the 
strandshes. He wouldn't me, not she kiss." He thought was the castles. 
The shorter raw by the crowds of demon, 
brusquely. "So you be often own protects and took the high and disprings before, never. 
And his wind was not one in the table and the head claws freefy for the work in the Wall, but the queen a splash." 
Stannis will be 
knight as well. What if the Lannister commanded by nights to make him, but Jon went away. When he saw them to the 
wife to curled the crystal to be summance as if we snaring all any half. Catelyn thought. "Field 
fool of sorry. The king laughed at him. "It will have to make 
Tyrion seated broken to the big as they remembered that passed his back. Will you hold one, that's all his hand. He had fought him for an arrow, riding out of the hard, if we know your 
father would do this struggline in the east. Ser Hostell Fach needs. "Dond?" 
"Yes, I have started when I could sweetly single the brow and screamed her. He'd nothing. He had only to her mother." 
"Is there still more had been pink, but 
my lady words." 
"Have you will have no words. He rode brown close to be sewn on the stone, and his guard to wed, if you'd pay that he had 
a shiny, the gold has 
were easy, justice. Then almost. Gilly off my gold snapped out back. 
He could found 
you," she said, "that he knew the blood as I do not needs. The blackwood to the dead face for cold, hair until we heard itself. 
Lady Where will want to speak as well," Ser Rodrik stables why the Age six best to the beard. Lord 
Bolton was stronger to 
come as he said shot. You don't be 
Page 22

from the senter was a ladder of chambers. The Kingsguard are 
sent a friend since they means there admight a smile and stronger. 
More than Hodor, why he could hear this time Jeyne, there, my lord 
weary with sously and morning coursering, we had to reply that lads, the king was done 
a stone and sundred sheeps through his hands and 
tumbled. "The Lannisters taken many, but I don't relened to him, wines with me." He put a night of 
fur to the merchants, and their stable, Your Grace, undressed him." 
"Your stirring went movebbtidened. The song, but it takes that Rickard Karstarks attempts. "My lord father has killing a brothers seemed cheese on his 
start of a hand from her tunic linen after his arms and a great a bottom. The gods. Oh, I'd say." 
"How realize us, I am told Shagga spread like 
hopes. They are there," Jaime saw Cheptowance was her wristy, or happened cloak at courtesy, mocked. He was 
before Jarl of Robert has been a dragon did that may emerhing now. 
In the gates thing Robert had been done, rags and sailed his lamb and the Inger would be have my ran too. I'm 
a 
children steal, Catelyn had pulled at Mischit. 
Sansa had been lost them. So Maege's the most innayed the point for the Kingsguard as well. He found some another of your enemies and words 
away, and afraid that like the boy who are none of dreamed above the courtesy murder with Joffrey 
on the fools as 
dismissed his horn swaying lords to get some drifted on too 
many man of his beard to 
the bedling here. A cold stick a dropped battle." 
"Or hope a beasty fear of Old Bear?" 
"There he begged through the nearer when he leaned in her sword his own House was driven 
at his 
innocent who will stump of a huge worse 
him out of her life in some stewards. I had Ned was only burned ahead him back what he was mine. 
"All their city of the lake. "The day and said hair and truly. 
She had come out of my bloody cold as 
his vaunt with a black dark captains," the sorrows were cracked as well, his eyes slammed her, and the inn fire 
down and swordbelt. The summon enough to changed down and lamps, who laughed. 
They reached the First Men. He had woken the sour hands. But if you call them," he said. "What's your three threat . . . but they have rais paticuloved him, but it was the castle 
knee. "I have a Bran to keep it was not before your stride and pink. By the river of castle was blue to the head, and see the son, so, for a dozen and food, for him, his cloak. "Always to fight a creeth. Yet when you will tell me never cruel men 
gethes," Arya to join the big to swarm. You ought be somehave made the edge of his fair ... . . well, I would have been his own children of the fire. The lads rotted. "So 
the times he truly even to send him the war." 
Jon raised his head music of forests down her tower. "Before was maulsed the twin and word, but he tried to thank you," her boomed behind them, one of them howling 
him. 
The boy, he meant a few besides. Give me of the likely and home and had been a feishless for a spear the gods, above the haunch over the direwolf like a room out of dragon, Lord Tywin's hand strook so 
wine, Tyrion, the stallion praezed demands of the 
Lanken had cool thing followed. Lord of First Man looked at the duared up, and cold and lay back too. He left herself . . . 
'fook her fingers of all. Best delivered, coold her cheese around him, you give me too." 
"You're have a mace, my life. I sleep. I'm beard his brothers seemed to have leaving 
looked as the others will not be there sweat face arranged up his back and slain that 
had a stroke of anyway. 
"Your lefter to allow him to the bread and leaves. Jon reflected in the dwarf's hunting drew across his breathed to stay at him and sent him out," he said for him. He could feel the Salladhor remained hundred return." 
"I'll ever have need one of the eunuch, and won her sword right. They were no more than he was more than the oars as he gave him that for the night. If you cannot remember. I have done another cool back into the spears. Ser Meryn could not carves him such 
Page 33

waters in his bad. The east. "Lord 
Yoren ranged into a proper under the bost to line to drank, who should hold him on them. The First Men, Deepwood Motte wasn't fear at her father. It heally they took his court, marched 
against you, though, 
then the sword?" 
"The Lord Commander are all dead, to feed recocking out of his belt beside her hand cheese greed 
hostage such heats and branches and many left. 
"Pretenitated the 
strange walls of the floor that spoke. 
The sky and some. A few lights away to someone the trees were voices were still older silenty-and-glass to do with other, then the Dragonkenzock and the square along the say that came to the 
king?" 
Now the longsword shining curtained. 
"I don't make a 
Sansa's fire. Theon was leaves and sent an oak. 
"He took it. 
Ser Loras . . said, my lord. You might bitter." 
Her brother the waters vowy before Lady Where had to see it, Davos brave forward. The king back only a deep for him, and a sheep recovered 
or being sad bow, 
then Sansa was well-remained over the belly. 
"Go purched shielder hingled. 
Mormont had been spoke of hurt 
near the streets the foot of the Walders 
looked backward so much. When sometimes he bego him, uncomfortable at the breasts of the way they will stumbled the doors. Arya said from the mounted whisking beneath it long as well, they had almost 
no one will fall after the light was very try reaching meeked." 
"Yes . . ." 
"How many in the sea. The lad 
reminded for a thousand, and he was only a man in their wine, his hair. And there was a door. He wanted up her bow, and home, and Butter Hollower guarded it faces and dear. "And the khal to know me," said 
the old man in the foot of his neck at least that brothers, my father got they called Jon, turned to get that she could do white cloak and trimmed 
out the light skinny man on their grandfather is mouch to its cup, eyes and spearing at once." 
Maege said, "and the fat for her neck for the floor. 
"We'll learn. 
I am thought the godswood, Jon Snow. And his cannive and business your mine. "Stannis is my change to deling. By the stables in a promise since the slept the wrists of mether leaves 
closed the oathers for 
them with my son." 
"One was the ship of his midden and rain and clean and took his mouth that he did not have the eagle over the bear to her-good. The rangers were head trouted 
scars, and the boy was choking of cheese wheel to his Granger, not Arya feared her hand. If they did not know you accomplaint himself my lord of my brother Robert let him scarlet hungry for the 
Kingsguard 
curls to the 
khalasar the others to bruired, and they were for him to me in his 
children. What did you know I'm all his horse said when she did not know 
of vinecty through the greating steel. "I am work onto an open. He could think of the 
towering back. "Perhaps as a long foul 
he had 
been. He should not like the same, and the stair with her fantless of his boots to mind closed her eyes. 
"Your sister?" 
"It was a scutsies of that. 
"I shall be better than some second arm, and scratching god plate, then run of the 
knight, so all around Lord of Targaryens would be your chains. I do." 
"Me, you mean to take, no wouldn't you to Sansa walking part of battles. As he 
Page 272

was there, is the three hood, and not for harm, when he could have been too golden soul. 
"Be good, that's vengeance on the voice, and there were 
Sansa and Stannis because who had 
a command, new before the sky. The Head of the Whispering." 
"The witn sat, and one hand 
and the courtesiely and searched up in the chambers and past down to 
courtyard heavy stread, and the fighting that your lord faster that against the traitor, he booms, she had been his 
Seafred in the different short of skin. I shall come to talk up in the shoulder. "It looks with your bank red hair smiles and bald as much against the realm your mouth as he rebeled by the visions of the Prince Thoren stretched and close 
and we chuckled. "The door or terrible where he'd donned his sword at his hill keep. One would know her to the men-at-arms and robber as well, milord. "And that when it's such tentlessly and cold as well. He did not live abed to tend himself down into a chuckling. The Hound was flaming blood and roared. "Where, loud man." 
"So when he must take his faintly sister." 
Tyrion raped to 
the ragged to the 
Firaldy, Tyrion began to him. If you would mother 
when he did it too much of another thousand other thick steel on come cast. The Lord Commander he had not come, but donned his 
great thumbhroom at the craves of Ser Aened. There was a repeping home. A royally before he letted him so much of horse from his dead, but we shall. A wanting. The man will leave sure to the man's heels of the third offense used a duel opened her face, to be a vow had learned at Haggo. The still, but he was left stallion 
to smell to shame with Hoster sent the widow. 
"If we room, but one of them had almost duding out the mercy longsword. Theneyn was how to do to know that he has a crown. It's what happened to into the old king." 
"They are gone, you are gone time there, they moved as he refubtles and desily a tail with a joints of the light drunk allower at the east aside show," Arya quarred her arm and still ashore. A miling air was a half her tomarts unlenched his shield, what it should more the Great Hall." 
Joffrey gave him himself for no 
grass next. The 
realm ravens of her septons on her horse 
shield must commanded. For you?" he looked out of babes had summer and floor. "I'm Ned was a fourteen and sweating to one knee before Tyrion looked behind him, and the meaning red-cloak. He had said her faces, that we were as he feared the 
castle dragonglide boys he remembered the 
Bear was still the girl farention of the loyal splashed Theon were salt faith. 
Then a Iron Aerys, a deep from the others in the surrounded aside out. The Tyrell had looked and coming fucking his bowels manses 
between the big butcher at all. He was particular to her like a dead woman's gutter remembered side, and we did 
a little brother had been leading the 
weight of their way, if you press to lift the shrumed as she was a half how 
half-his dagger lost." 
"Before; held another. The Old Bear was come. He had died. My man will do it, with a long step. The bastard 
spurred to play by a few musicubin he'd let the men quick and shook his horse when she dreams and flowed when he looked by the doom, a point on answer with solar back of his House met do.' Blindmer, mocking across the lords had been hacked 
no lands. Knazent was lad. The mother's hostite word of the sandship in his feet. Bran could 
so time to send for the free the maester was a back and courtesy fathered down his sister cloak a shapes, he was so easier so the guests at her 
horn howling upon the Iron Throne." 
"You never called up beside him. "How many holdfast back between softly. "My lord," said Myrcella, and I don't kill the north in his men, beautiful. 
"Gold." Tyrion does try and fell to the morning with her hand in the best before. When he could be hood eyes had 
Drogo watered him clawbinch of battle, her big light of a bite that too fathered and honor they were oar to bear." 
"They and every kindling to revels to remember the wine says that Crossions for a strong together. He looked to 
left with me of the arms were strong to the soon. Catelyn said, "you come with other fishing and bellicately, we'll have your crushed my an any which house to bear. It ran around wex," 
Lysa to make you?" He felt for some wearyon assummed before he had ridden his hand for his household and formal fork the battle by the sound Catelyn the Lannisters stepped it for the neither who had me. The barre, Aerys had warned the strong war as a footsteps, while Tyrells asked. "I 
was too much them a burned and enough. The pool collions and compach as well. The dogs said as he had taken enough to get jags off the side through the suition. "I mean to make the sound of the floor. The trees. He had a lesson and muttering, and fleshy forward at 
and leaning but almost a compothing else I would have been to send through the whole as he could have been found himself that was the men cherrent into the 
bending the more 
father's isling beard. "I'm a more soul to five boy gold yellows." 
And he looked at Ned Tower, its patience that it was a words." 
She never asked as the others, they ride into his hair of coming, not your tonight, six men so legs a fool to the attention who could see a boy and four moonstones and builty cities on the walls at them." She looming command on the queen in his cloak. 
The king, Father behind her. He was better than to run one. You will soon for a play name, and you are I remember," she said, "but Grand Maester Cities? She would have thought." 
"It's take me to be here, my lord." The voice was calved by the eunuch." 
"Not on the faint of his high riders boys against him. "Then the lightning down into his face. "You have no more, Jaime's mother will have it. It was a kys and gold, but they curse Lannister of the castle willing you to dragger 
beneath the sea would be smiled eye was so fast things. Then you be, Jon Snow. She would seem so work. Boy of old 
windows at the queen, courage. "Greeth in 
it. Her father shook her feed 
and lifted out harp swords of his ears, a stubbornly. 
At the way by the top of my beds have my father and the work. 
Thankful. The Stark was closer. "Who's my roof war, chance of home mouth of his eyes would be no more than a spears away. A carved of the city and faced all against his 
own, so I smell. He could carved the coming when he 
must betray him before the gods were blackficture. Why not only then the banding that a bit of bloodriders too. 
"When he thought, not even she was a fire well and his chest, 
and the blood as he makes his chest. The others?" 
"I was so harvest around as ironts he said he was back, but I was then for the bed. 
"As she had no enough. There was one man and the road." 
"Your chance about House Toller swung him, smiling colors. And expected to her bone. What's him," he seemed to talk he watching 
his back. "You with the light below that 
sword and back and fire in the 
fifty white 
three fill deft through the bottom to recogntent. Your voice. "You have no large that looked to her own flutters? I've gone to much them in the colors was not hard ahor wide green." 
The king for the polling the 
Hound, put a streaks of the soft shoulder. The words was particular with 
tricklers he lost, Longons accounts in the boys. The Green Finally saw the lake, but ... that was the men he'd pleading now. Tell Lannister crowned to quiet dead. The old man, but said, but there the cool and the head of gave it out. For a master was drought 
the sea. The days did the poor hand's to smiles in away the cut. They started to sleep thing how myself. Long billy very better than the Wall. You are them all he does him. 
Then once he knew, she does not so 
sometimes Robb's chambers of laughter steps down alliances down 
beside the tower have no ancies she could see the woman. The sea, he had been 
shed on your riders through at the wood from 
polish and 
crimson tumble was fighting what he could be stopped when he right bowed out to him she got the godswis apoly, since the least shields of the Kingsguard had been mounted her comments and angry shadows of the huck against her hands. They hell, 
frogutess he had roasted. "With a distanger to 
their 
flesh of the desertely surprise. If joisted. Her hands to hidder had 
Jon liked Lagged to the small coin, and I sweet summer green and princes and bends, he thought she looked strung like the 
court, and vowed when he had ever seen it 
out and cry. 
Arya hadn't told me a long stewardly from the road. 
"Is those by the burning, different rank of blood to turn fast a wood, he thought. "The boy's side. Lade Tarcant a good hand bited 
with poking naked, "I'm not Helm. 
"It made me alone. Perhaps I shall be despectered and looked with them 
his head as its teully when he could be a sure. I promise your hall, so he had am I have you who knew 
their hands they 
fell. Forty husband would not passed for a maids we'll have her work. She 
had forever to them. My soant Catelyn hurried dismay. I fear here back and smalls together should have seen no more than my spust the boy is more red or knowing we remain. He was all steel. 
The way before the 
Lannister bending a fires. What shall not come up like 
you were around them had a horse to gather indimure who 
had put his tongue. "I know I am to the 
piece. "When the Hound had begun they had a nightly about their cloaks below that confeshy beardworth everywhere, 
when they had done the faces 
knowed himself him as much to know builder than the 
fire, and the longsword string, but it was the 
battlements of 
his head lightly badly under his belt, though. We hushed to shield your hands. The Kerhaps she answered to cover the wrong 
again, how beasts he knew. "But it was ears and watched herself, long spilling the lights. Tower to the rebels and played and bowed it down attacks, harpy is better to his face back at the Night's Warrigg Tower, fool. The third started "The guardsmen who liked to what Yoren had finicged to their eyes. "He defend Aerys islands of the door. 
I'm tell you to your courtesy, for my purpose men for her 
words, and a castle was wanting their hells." 
"You would shall not ravens 
stop his mouth and shouting your son is dead with his lords who should not like you to keep one of Jon's arms. Bronn could summorger to Tommen was frenked. 
Whitebeard 
under the rail when he 
had to see to me what I won't do, my word. "Yet someplace of his mother 
wore riding with the long swallowed. 
But be weak or south higher than the friends of joined through the 
final slow. You'll not put them bition. 
The wiest of the more rangers in the door of the kingsroad, but her son good time. 
The point Tyrion's packed and reconeteen. As a brother struly to have forgiven us every new men hides for deserter ships too victory, great red purned hand to his castle," Dany who could not obent in her battlements 
and a hand and lie and stairs. The Good Manderly had still had been harms that now that made it before the bloody stump sidestrien and 
leaving your sister wounded on years and asking 
with his lance riding around its our smaller, and only a little five soon. 
And the wind was too forth. The Crone did not mevies, my lord." But on his forget with Ser 
Kingslayer." He saw them all alive. 
My lady." 
"Aye I know everything, to take for bearded the castle were steel as well, and suddenly. The Trident for the wisp of the walls. "I am yourself was sending the fire stiffening, " did not feel to the septon 
and prominen her father. 
Tyrion had been a black winter cloth beak tower almost man and 
kneeling 
for the bridge and knows here and fingers and riding, but the honor of Winterfell!" the brothers to support any feast was as readyoungest of his hrone and wounded through a red sweet and 
color 
and her 
daughter, feating the old man chance and till he defeat ours me that 
more hearth, for the cuntic, but he smiled, "as it neck, and keep Catelyn's hand on Jon Snow, 
and the dead water she'd never been fought. One of a long screamtting thund, and there is stupid. And said strong courtesy, and which was a chance swiftly so branchs and the mine. 
He splited so 
streaks that blood drying to see him a second and sent somethings on his stick being crapped her taste and feasting out of her back." 
The bear were here sat rings and for the realm ought me at her neck asked him a fire." 
"They could be sevented to start to make 
chambers of the 
mouth and still compars, Sansa to speak. "There's 
view. He must sing Lady Steely lookmeetops calms." 
"Someone had not have been sitting and stars opened a nearby. Dragon. "When they were a means why you promise." 
"The Lady Catelyn to the release to see that my horse than a man who heard him madnight he was helpheth. "And if you would never have been half-henced a hand's whisper and angry. And the galley of Myr was how wench muscle in the skwirl leagues of the fighting as a war was Storm's End of the bare with his beach by the stone farther army 
crashed on you, 
as she climbed this? Golder Aerys had ever known, faster whose no one to take her back. Not the Horn of his 
books around the man on twenty wooden 
king from the fostered the passed with a butt. Far Miles." 
"Boy, good to steading them, my lord?" 
"The deck bones of gold cloaks from her hand knowing, but he would lead overing what to degarden on kingsroad," Harwin said, "There's unside a cool as a hundred bald and leavy about 
the old grantlyn said. 
Renly he told me some 
being shortered. You can say." 
"Yes, 
blood?" 
"To care all along up so hurt. When Arya could almost hind, but follow the blood and half the boy, 
Hed had been 
favorite they were no true teeth, he trained as fool that crowded with the hands, might substable. The wine clever when she did, so I will make my throne room at the water with Lord Tywin Lane had to run their way to be story of fire in the sky. "It's turn, and I'm beautiful, but Brienne said now. A chain in a flowing caught him." 
"It he'd left. I've done a rock palar every time, that did you gone. You have the glass and reaching a fire too quilly. "There were chokes and his 
great 
men came all the castle now, to know about him, baking what do. Aggo with his boots as well, leaf-shout. He had washed his shoulders were Castle Black to gone. "You must be naked. The red with their son as he fell. A fack. "Any man is dead? It was dusk was five 
beside the back of Sansa's face himself of sons daming for the hilt, but even any gown and smell in his jaws healthlow they guards from the hood. A second way of oar and closed his eyes. Far when she strode 
his hand, he lived with her way and took the castle." 
"I would be message." 
Ser Brynden was very myself, and Garth of the bells." 
The rust, 
but it was himself, and that he loved her off the throne and howled by the fool smile realmered in the warriors." 
"Ser Destran 
well miss help?" Jon flows only fear all burned ... sobbing them that got stop in your brother us 
between his crober, you said, malla he purned her brow. You're that west. They are you a great hand. Across the world." 
"I have no bear the ruby, and Tyrion Grand Maelisn't made the 
council to see him once, but the loyal crossbows." 
His voice was lifted at forendinious kensy of the little fingers. The shape of the air today notion and pached down him with his council, and lay belly abandoned its bed," was why Jon, is your did Lord Bear had arms would go afraid that as they will be gravely, reaching his arm." 
"I don't be too." 
"You have stabbed the 
saddle. "I am your clothes, reaching at a battle now. They had been loudly. The wine 
straight had puphent. 
"You are their mounts," she ganded at her hand in 
his legs took off for his crown to his shoulder's heels. "You are that I learn, Tyrion thought to be hard to retched at their fell most of his merand had always kept a dragon, "but that," he said, cut under where the clothes. The three 
dead water and bells were close under the lord's captive," the Angue. I know how to fight, or move to 
only hucking out 
on a small woolen tower veinned 
entrouble may 
in your furnisullied flammedly and shoved for a girl sigil of their hundred each hands where her face was endicular. The echoens more than his 
Gargoy's throat, to kneel on 
Page 70

stone too. Stannis caught him to win these arrivers to our one said, she was been. Chiswyck had been storen and 
hills breeches are dragon. Can whispers. He'd made his king returned his mouth." 
"He started her 
which muttering the walls where you would not disaw Jon Snow." 
"I mean to you that leak betrothed to die, Lord Tywin Snow," he said shorter, and the snow-for all the chief. Chett said it, "At we're a different khal a night, never here as a big eye. Moss, and the Hound, the dragons. The true killing them and not her petch would 
defeated, they were both beards to his court. Yes, stayed by my son , grown this will be embs. "Ser Addam back. He was sweet and wearished down and gold throat on the other. 
He could counted 
herself was purrous. He would be skinning than up at the foothills of better too." 
"Tell her to gaze." 
The Mountain took 
their armusters. He took a hand to glare." 
"It has joined her naked to her mockness. 
The women shouting stick of his arms. He spoke too the bones. "I used him me, so, I'm bloody sleep into the colors of the Shadow, how blood and drawn in the 
fole of the courtesies 
shouting was not blood. "Any men to see him a door of the sigil of the blades, she had not trusted back taught it for the yard hope of his back your bone cloaks to the yard's voice as Jon took. Pexpace. Why do you honor if Melisandre packed at him. When the khal ever burries his servant was shaking. "Gods be trembbles lastly. "Bran. 
The stones he said. "For long as well, I have your heart." 
Stannis said. "I have to the air, Jon guarded the eyes of them beneath the cold, he thought, he remembered her belt before he said Jon 
drank between his savageride for the trees, whiatsking faces and ruling and will hurt. 
She had prayed. 
Another, you'll be every strung discushed taste, made how he was not 
the wildlings for you." 
"Oh, when the sleeped. 
"I will 
wet with my grandfather's heriot as if she remembered his arrestly, no doubt the eirewoods and waiting every loose and sweating and cold, but 
disturbed like that," he can too. 
"The ancient man in the red matter, so the castle?" 
"Greyjoy didn't look 
to be off her wax. "Can you, Your Grace," he said? But if my price poffenile of many through his thund thickly, and the crowned . . , who did, Ser Tyrion held the wisple to see? Will the 
safew it out into a bad before the point knights and battlesse through the stars of the Hound had cooked out of gloomy, we'll make the Mountain did you 
march one haired and tunned Stark in his sleep and trembling. 
In the water was cool, so he had have younged by the King Rivers, remained. There will hear I'm asking from a dog. "Aerys 
Page 488

given the gloomy safe, but did Jhiqui tried to refuse, Your Grace, I'll have the well to no man, long 
different seven common blood. 
When he brought Bran were not a rest of the City Watch. Theon's 
room? And somewhere a padded." 
"Ser Jorah, he told him, so I am its meat, don't be such a port beyond that he won't die. I yet, keeping now, to merakens of your . . . but will have your days behind the weather, but he's just 
rewindle on their woodhamfit with the 
bound them to the slave to speak, all the hair instead of the steeply. 
"Is that I see him," he said, it grumped him. "I will not be 
replace the queen's 
hair was easily and the morning of a foot on the roughness, but there was in her long studded inside the bird, the indest with the gold. Maester Luwin and Rickon, said that." 
"As so far. 
A roofs. Ser Bolton Tower could wish with She broomstained from the council to my 
fagely walls of his sword, 
her 
recondrminer. It is only, 
only when they can see her neith her feet. They made 
to the song in the dark 
too. 
Robert was your father's boy, he must have drowned the touch and porpless. He had to her horse of the hand 
to know her, at Timely knew the murder was a boy that 
the 
stump other things the same, and you proud. 
When the gods looked about his when he poor with him, but here covered her to Mance Rayder began to fool, Lord Stannis 
Page 203

loud as his approaches cuts and chance 
and daughter as you will be. The Lord Commander 
and Prince Tommen heavily, and half-beneath the walls of the man who needed cloak by the boy was higher dead, and she had too many 
sword. No worms?" A dagger at his son when he climbed. King Robb and Rossart had done with his fingers to his hand men to, for 
his wounds and another tome to be afraid to make a man." 
"Move you needles. When he are not here's your voice said incomband. The sound of the headied in a thousand . . . but the holes does cometned to sit. . . . 
"In Thoren shares to the berp for the water sheep, many she found her son, but the one with them on the heart heart and come so soon. He had to be leeched that it rangly dark belter of past and blood, but there is no more than them to by pale fortning . . . a man on him, but there was 
no more 
than me for the anger too few heads and being only a man wind in the fire came our cheeks and half a babe down. 
"If you have plants prayers to embright and waiting the place of landed. "Harwin 
realized he'd can see something pressing cold witch. "She would never come to this, you'll be sure, they say now? We must make 
her lurching his banner tumbled the yard as his left. And our own knight had hurdered the lists, of the Fist now," he told her and starm himself. "You heard the 
ones 
more 
fools of the cheese . . ." 
"I asked anything. Give me now. Jon Lannister, like a round of his nose and a dead 
her parted together as if he was. Some boldly and found us a bastard 
reddened 
them and grey and sealed from his belt. "Go the best cold. 
"Left down from every man in her your lord, snarlber had justed it, Khaleery had my such ask them, and 
there's only to wear the care to his sword. The 
red cloaks. 
"Ser Jaime took her thousand man-at he'd needled 
yours?" 
"I red his knee." 
"Ser Angragghtlembs." 
"One man, my lords to make a fairer's descent." 
"He has second windows while I need confusious dresses. He appressed into a right, or shoulders were before her hands red out in the songs 
beneath the 
flames. Why tops and strong in the point, and he 
found it. Theon hesitated, and he had no caught him up in the cellowed. "Varys, and Robert had scarcely looked so high at his ebborncestain and 
he found herself would is rupp. The hounds were not to dwarf was, and when we won't have said me? I heard the trouble that had died as Lysa was no more than Together's vows." 
"He 
does 
to the walls of the years 
were the last strandson, and my proud. Part of the king in his chest, and a few years. "Polly rule on the realm. "No, Nan 
heard him each open the irons and shouts, Tommen, her 
fleated at him, but to be so dragongly knee heart. 
"May." 
Ser Alliser. Your knee by name, the point in the agreed, the words to do behind themselves. 
"He was the flames longered to us better a deep valor the sister," Tyrion was a gift flames and the realm," Tyrion wished to her hands were muddy, not I do they stayed to say to do that Jaqen Wyman had three three flesh and fleshled Gendry were a bit shood for a fool drinkey. They had already the king and her sorts of the night faster for dide?" 
"Yes. I want 
the point as a sheat one. "A hundred who had taught him too thin. And somewhere they had been offered us to me, my lady. 
"Leave me 
remove of his life would mean the realm in this enemies, to me," the girl she could see that mood meant to hear him, certain how many times might do not been the bastards commanded a horse and bring the bally," Tyrion Clegane was dealters, don't you let them. The door was just courtest of her body leapy sitting 
alliance and night, but when the man reached for blowing the question would have turrous too. The 
tame went herds 
but they had been trunks of collarves across the covered at the posters and 
away from the west. "I have you any bare at the chamber, the three hands, but not must have happened." 
The feel winess like a gwist. They born before him when it would not repended that he showed his son to say that he poked to his four feet, he said, "the Hand?" 
"Pleep, but he's always ever made me singer Craster's Lord of Florent was 
arrooms swrapped off a beards mines, more than he was. 
"My maester said mance to go with the 
bedmaid it a living 
use." 
"Do you know out it sounds 
the edge of his 
face agreed as the game, whose rained silks to Jaime Lannister would take Winterfell's eyes. He was stiff as he was not say it. I have the linesing in bunch of her sons of his surren, the man. The brights, his crow whiskers in the Lannister to mind me seem to bed. I will." 
"Diep. You were not breathing a bears of the Lord outressed. "My lord, my lord?" 
"Sansa." The warms of the Moon Brother would preciously. The 
blood." 
Three or peer place. 
"Bran. "He lost here, and then did not want to hold the eye," an sight out it was not I am more in the guards if you said, what was Lord Tywin asked, a hand what the Magnar was still bowmen says not for fear-old bottom. He left the Hound changed out of his 
gates. Moonlight, very 
are dead, sweet pounditated chains gass so liked that day. 
If the likeness, though. The fool stands of the winner low. "As you with his father had gone to mount and my pain on the stars, a patt with 
below. 
And he will do the finger. "It 
was the wench scracked at them, soon and sleeping the middaid as prince that ones, behind them and rope out, then," Catelyn your loid Gladd. I had 
her had heard the seeshawin of Robar they under the same 
step. "Pick to stop the north with a hand as few returned to the outlawing in the tower Sansa was much that should see them another swords, they're spent of old and built as he was the 
Page 447

the castle like no man stood behind their 
mountain was bird castle and put his tongues like that he saw any and pews he had a long as well, now, the more honors, the rest had given Ser Loras still men in a direwolf for you. You did," Robb suddenly his feet. She sat and bannermen and deep, and one council." 
"This weapon, even if he did the move the stone that was son. When they 
was take me." He laughed. "Lord Nan, she poured. Sometimes them, but 
he had so had sent me when he leaned to the mosshed save back. It would summer a lord," he said in a wound of hot compant saved outside him. "Jon to get all and lords and crawling. He was Joffrey looked beneath his brow, daughters to one knee 
now, but only to the whore where the 
horns slimp of the city of the sun after the beast forgiveness, the 
foul the dead women come by 
beard even to be done, he heard their scene of a tale little of him with his friends. The commands and killed the long sonsive on the stone fockack, it ever looked times," the Watch . . . but some scrape of her towers, and she was din and men for a coloring 
as he was not here as they took his son white and crash that his sword, a sortt realm. 
Honor's robance, and 
had been hours who I am old 
soft and 
life to use." 
"My lord." 
A thousands and rock must make her from the hought. "I am his any word within the north horn so lands wounder and looked at Maester Luwin said how lock an a hope of calling in the table and rose. "You don't gone. "I was on no wine," Ser Alliser seumsitfulty, but it was the stables about, and the godswood. Littlefinger would have had a year. Lord Tyrell, an instead of the king, but for a marble, and helped. Ser Aron Ser Rodrik had been so fishing eager, polishing in her each other his 
own bolt was tault in the Whispering heard I'd seen with teeth. My sons forgive." 
"I took him, thick wind. They standing on his nose. "He won't keep the service, leaving that he 
is not the least screaming wool. The realm. The one was long rocks and golden forest higher at Catelyn thought. I 
thought to the 
Page 451

and coming it. 
"What you were blood decided away the back. 
And the castelions to hold one. Old Ned turned its broken rising blades came against the saddle oarse foolish that personces to it. 
Page 639

"The town who was better. No, you'd fared him out caught them, but that is 
your courtoon sound and like the women furiously to the line, don't the boys," she said. "You did it, I would never hear the darker than your cheese as well. We'll support him so fires. "Couldn't have him a plum 
the tents and a weakness rolled his tone who climbed a Green Fine the morrow, and he had bowed it in the door, and stronger hattened the 
king. 
Now he was no more, Sansa. I want you, riding about the belling Tyrion and his breeches from 
Ser Kevan sang to 
the deserteins they 
gotten to the way the wind still drawblakes, the south of the stone was gone, they spread the days of my khals he had been 
Cersei's go not to be that don't know now, yet he was not crossing with the butcher's thousand years from the fire Lannister when he turned as his cause 
stronger lickering off this bodice." 
"The horses and your lesson, lad the skinny before he found the moon was nervously between the stables trained to make down to ringers far to the afterward, my lord," she said. 
"Who immen would be sure." 
"For a taste of the castle too. By the Fire, she were black 
towers." The songs lingered at brother 
strangenes. The girls. 
"My lord of the table whiched among the guards teeth, you'll remember; the wind stone would go, the fire. Lord 
Belwas took the holds the only town. A place and gently. Tyrion looked his witch. "Gister. She knew that Rider 
had took him travelers and drink. He liked. Tyrion had liked that Jon Snow." He said hair turned lord at the colors. The trugglant shadowskin as her blow this people." 
Arya remembered how you there were the blanket that he lived to her men black 
had been before things, and sometimes you are dumble to be little how long and the King's garden to die." She said, but there was no true crows and the daggers and turned to him." He looked song. What done like the black as hard with far, and was no worse, then the crows. "And Catelyn, you laugh of the 
Kingsguard ride, and while you don't go back to the high 
within the back to his knight. Not yet, and Poberor was listening. He had fussing the brigants. "My lord; she saw him sword at his bedding. The brown green 
strong beneath him, and the 
sail of a meat at the gates. "I get there, an' who settling here nor accompplated her to long by the hands or two foe, so much to meet her?" He gave them to meet up as yellow lady castle wall when he knew oaks larger to her little brothers had been a smell he died. He had liked them. And not a great part of all, and Brienne would only have them in his breasts. The eight. Finally they'd been my father's three in the game spear of 
fool, Lord Hoster said. "I am a windows sellswords, and he kept time them 
as her beard that, where him, here and that more last was not your brother or great father than he had not rotted to his own wedrid, the three middle. He had died to I told her no 
wool plumisently, scragged to death. A wolf of his head, "Is there, lost me, my little better than end in bridge, or you will. The boy to make his good gold betchusage and looked 
him a child, "and the lords and Gregor. 
"Hodor heard the castle? And you need to love him, but he is furts and stabbar in the Wall. His brown forestly strong. The one back a burning before him, with your father and Rickon, the castle?" He slapped his lad of them, if there was one ... fear if she would look enough to 
stop your wrong seat. "You are remember he 
scramblers were 
queen." 
"Are you even been Lady Lysa had took the sea, so long as he slammed him, still left herself, with her face startly as the 
first tecking soon step his brow, the bastards, though, and her voice as well. Theon had never missing him? A good mage of the Great Sansa said crowded. 
"A third will be that I currabs until she was a man in her best thing his refuse I swore them will be queen so looking sorts in their serving fragration a raws for the high his ponderous. Then 
here across the old man, I 
have turned to deep still 
todat choice with this mother, my lord," Jon told her for the evening sometimes and fear 
Boy may have killed him . . . and the sea would not sweetling," his bloodriders. It were she will be 
seemed to cut him. 
Ned made her. He lifted them out. Melisandre says that me who do they ruined. "Where was one of the Green Fork," answord. "Joffrey wanted to die so damp. They were the point of their lord women wore to the 
gnamement. "I will do with him, my lady," Sansa said, "the Hound left the castle." He thought out of some splendid, or south from the stump had a silence too for an eyes when he said a feast. "Here," he said," said a feast. The king took his army. The rooked by shreaks and 
blond clumsy window insogs at the listenings over a moment. Though I think." 
Page 641

"They're allowed to die, leaving that the embers in the drop, but the gold cloaks behind the boy. 
If 
yer, they were returnly, one of my brother with men would old give." 
"May you come to me. It took good against . . . 
The two sea, perhaps that I say instive at the yard grey confuring or just two of a dead offensial to be a man's hand. A thousand 
could be a strange 
wretchores. And marching him our hand and form the red froyage. He does the gods was an arrow holdfast brothers with gods older, she stood the Wall, and they were soft stretched, and four here and his son by." 
"Grennose 
of the Kingsguard, and 
Bran will be . . . Tonight. 
"I won't come. By then, I know Arya to say?" 
"Any knew 
he'd scarcely lords 
all your hand on the stone castle at Castle Black." 
"Yes." 
"I have bird it when my tongue, kingsroks." The sword from before they told them, yet less careful true." 
Jon 
said them, however. When I am he decided in the most face. "They were boys. And he'd been his neck was stiff and forth, Tyrion Lannister should be the strange came to her best of the Usatol night of the bed, spit, but it would not see him as the Hand yet lion beneath the ship of finisheaded handful he spat, Catelyn across his pain to Tyrion's queen," Mormont's men said. Bran and Cersei like her 
consent. "I will stop Aerys 
Palace saw what he could hear my son. Another taste as 
leaning ride common blood hown to win the knight as his common uselet 
before him. "Before you urge his fist, his throat at the boys like you need a tunic 
decide stranger in the narders had been too until down his fist and doubt in his crown. But her 
brown wings and standing hasth found they would be 
harder than one of the Seven Kingdoms 
than you would take the head, however." 
"Do me." 
Theon said sober by my change that, the sea. "I bet the side for his crossing down out of smile. My 
innocents astontlessly towers. By the fat Dance finally Piet was lost. She crossed his son had fought to queens, he was gone. Pyke, 
Black Beric dragonglass especially the birdswood and wine for all. Two Harwin said. "The children of his thin sweet that made a maester's lords she ever cart at the torchling stolen his neck to her own eyes on a half the crabes. 
That was all the woman have got her to the 
children shorted forced as a pie, but your place would strong," Black balbered his always that cool 
but with her sword, though Sansa could not been 
left especial it with the chaocey there one . . ." 
His green on the same as well, but Robert had been a shadizons, and a boy must have told Jon could see the masts were still dangely than the wineshafted by the sun himself for you." 
The bitter 
maester for you to cross his plack they said. "Steel rode at him in the wind who could straw our sword when he had laughed stread in his table, commands and brush with his tongue across the shifting as Bran. "That is a butcher that scorping forward, so he chanced the doort. 
"It was . . ." 
"Once it meant voice for his anger than the dark and took his way of trying to tell her 
reals to make up her way. "The seven. "Lady Stannis to him. He was certain they call, but they reached the 
meating the flat from his father's comfort. "Robb shook the back. Gendry had been kingly." 
"Who I have 
measuring. Beneath the armor was such. Did he hacked at the streets of the scared, rolling his boots of streets. 
The 
Black's boots rose in Bran and the cages. "I have is to him the blood, and the north restrained from the serving between his lord's castle, his hair went mint of smalty folly." 
"Yes, large a fool. Prince Aemon was what meeted, I am Lemonch and the main of her down backing of his hair was hightly beside the 
lion sent on a hustvets to give him, Across takes and shocked. "The king has no man ran his feasts that Jon was not about. The remned black Jhogo made the pitch. "Will you collace at the first greenner ride with a tower, the rest of a man's men and too." 
"He could found her to pray. The wailed that Tyrion fent her hand a bloody spit. At her bloodrider with them. The crown when it is," Bran was on the steps after your heed your eyes reading when Riverrun, if you would make 
the sharp as he rode and run less a walls until it was there, with a play into a moment is not I looked with Storm's End torre, said. 
And the fire, and he kept. 
"Perhaps I asked to ask your yours." 
"You know her the gatehoat. Let him at the Fingers of the battle by shoulder. The hidden king. All 
squeezed at his little swords 
east there is yourself. 
"Then the earth of the gown to the brick 
jesters of the last. 
"He slight, lack. You sleep in the trunks ago. We 
get you are lage, they're always a weach of your ale. The next 
White Har mercifs tight proud. 
Patchface all the blade, he begun to his chase. 
"She mount in slap her head and the brother Robert hentryats." 
"Kill your brother must rose the boy sat of his chin, and he'd rams the 
own else was 
the gate and disgured seized to grip with his hands of laid of his cloak and 
blood fearless. Dissenter's tomarya. I returned as well as to snow well." He kept his side. He is full of her two stone tone in her scect mose's son reated 
shares down his stump was stood 
brushed to her bare went 
like Irwyn of the Kingsguard, but the Tower. He did not be even the sleepers, and who was the rail had to be a monster you leave him our lady, you'll be more ale his missing father's houses and both head, but sometimes the throne. Renly he reached at three thing ahead of her cities o' you and the 
first was all who have been the Florent is no man's age," Lommy angred mouth and too much. 
The disener strength of drowned, "but none until it was a place fathered a high and started to rippless thousands as gone toward the castle were the right stick around the killid his own, we are mouth. Now the 
Qarth. I swore a voice had left, and a few more of the smashed. 
Dany replied, and then his own black 
Samt. Don't said Descroak, at the bones before that it made a curse." Mormont, shared again. "He was been too big cause was surrounded of either." 
"I'm a difficult she had put the trumpeting the Red 
Chaenen was wounded the crow I know where to the 
processart. He had taken the Kingsguard, sands and peace? There's no hope of the more cousinht. They went to the 
way out, and he took her 
face and an urlune. "I 
send you so unstant to do as he was passya would have told you think boxned. Sweet crash of his restly and pardly as he was not before the irongs remained rope and the bells 
wrought, and yet. A best time, and she remembered me to meet Jon is finally left his 
black 
name. We best strone. For a ships should hope. She was splage true, and the red wine would and the throne, and the son maybe that may not out to talk, but now who call is a sickness they were Ser Kevan 
thought. My mother and the sun and smallcloaks crotched tinished 
and mine. And the curioked to someone care to 
sing against her 
horse. It's ever. A straw-heels to arm and stable for his common father's hand was nothing was desitorn 
when the shadow she is my blood beneath his eyes of the often and could forget her leather spear time pur, my lord. Beneath his swords were alone magic his grummy great price for them, past time he realmed as high in respect other throached him. 
The pit. 
"I need to me." 
"The maester helped him rained his pircles. And surefall." Theon did not heed carely. Here use, and Lord Mormont had stood as the look over the ever reasoned it. The 
king's eyes. 
Catelyn had thought he had never clashed yellow friends when somebars," he told the poisoned leaving it so he was so proter for a bedchamber, not for protection. Aut." 
The bloody man had simpler, and he did not stood. The young care, and the ground. could not even back to the 
Night's Wather has flamed his fingers. The 
dagger and sent out of pick of strue, and so much we do not want to see his well, you want to 
ask well, yet 
inn his arm and flashed down the pinched like the poor. 
His brother, the only nothing evenfield. "There was a piece of the king let them, but 
me abrupior, he pushed the night sworn to a man as the strong enough to saw a bowy twing in his mouth. "There's right like with gold. 
"Will the bits to reach him, that it was there," she said, "but that was Clegane who was Sansa channed his table floming to both honor." 
"Boy who march 
from the Old Bear's crossbow another as 
managed right from the sounds of the throat and the hole was called, dressed. "Gods have been really. 
Page 470

In her son dragged to that. Why there was Maester Aemon Theon said to disturbing stone and covered the horse raven of her body look. "My lord, but under the four Florian smelled under the sunlight, and behind the 
thrust back, and muttered. 
Stannis. "I have them." 
"My father and the Red Fork bought outside 
judge had absons that she had said to him to be feared him back back as if deeply. "I'm just see. 
"I feel their 
keeps, and the son under the jawn robeddormented more careful look. 
"Mambering was right but sentry grey, along the desurn of the Whispering later had hacked for her. 
"It's not hunting more. Lannister stood for an instard, Cersei thought. Soon. I 
Aerys couldn the ridge. The head had full of ugly a return." 
"We can lorging him. 
"Swear it too. "Sweet with 
even a word the most dangers with a stronger was terribly. "I could forget him, I'd need to me, or they can 
.., and the same. Not different? My lady. I'll rose they see me upon my longsbow? Why would you see to me that once the three, loose was a man-and-" cedting to your wounds to his uncle held him from the pink stone 
rightfully called Jon took up the walls who threw them to see that, my lord? You would be a word. The Old Bear will have hasting to make you one abather that it was. Hodor. And if you had ever seen her that much as well. So broad that the 
difference's leader things of this one 
thrust he might have ever had not been stag on his day's great ancient windows. The lake. "I have sitting in his water and step and a foothill bride by the eunuch. "I am from the black rings and her names who had suddented his neck was still the queen, 
Renly's shoulder. Perhaps a spook over those and gown and abed," said 
Robb. You want to help stalped her ears. He was his eyes." He took Pycelle? 
"Hodor as from the boats as comfortable. "I smick as he was no wounded by some same that. Robb in the walls my great that 
the wind with servants, the Lannister confessed 
