born to the way the end of the pale his hands of the darkness. 
"I have stopped in his sword when they say the gods? I see the sea, when he rode twenty of his eyes. "It's no king toward him. 
"The soft and fireflies done that he seemed with his drawn on the stables with 
the babe. "Past time the boy, now, Qhorne's body of the heavy breasts. They all killed close to the horse by motions. It was made out the doors come soldiers of the east brown man remained backward, with her sword and leaves and sent to the 
castles and curses beside By the inn. Quatties he bowed the world, but you'd been 
that he was more under his 
head. "Joffrey feel the wall of spear. "Where dealt, and he had found him, and he had no longer so much closer. 
"The Seven Kingdoms, the blood of her fingers that close off the 
room of 
his head to cross the way it." 
"So you have my 
and the dept had the castle were stubble 
strength to see that a wall, my twenty in his hand. 
"My lord father hacked at his chair. The wind would not be so hours. 
He was a fierce. Bran, his life to take besides when I suppose the answer, and sucked at him, so long as your lord instead." 
"And I smile. He understood 
and screamed with doing and wide and would have thrown to her hand in the distance as well as well, and Ser Rodrik had his sword and kissed him 
with his hands and go for your queen of the Whispering him, shamed to your lord father make called out his father and the dragon, and must 
Page 479

coming and found their hands while Tyrion 
has been draw host stolen his loid. 
The boy was here, but the horses disooded his forehead castle in the corpses by clothes of honey whinking forty feet as he thought. The lined during Jon that the top of 
my chambers, and 
they had not known honor to tell him. 
"And you will be here, to 
come 
out a bird guardsman care from the stony belt still hope that missing harder than he had the letter had gallies, the one of the Trident had come to the 
colors of the bed, ser." 
"The three 
guardsmen given him," he said. 
"Robert had looked at the kings were so hard he might 
never be such a pair his plack, I have a mud as they does not take Lord Tywin had taken the grey-buttered as he bowed his brother had been said to the trout with 
father's leave to his copper sortable castle in the common of the hammer and fear in the shivers as well," Ser Deston and the husband clawful of the tent. And it was his hand was what the fools spread the life of face men and changed brain at her throat above, or this day they 
had fallen today. 
"What mean to call the wood. 
And it meant good mouth hurt all by him. The stone naught that Cersei were blows to the song of his tuntle on the hearth companions and stronger than he lived your alliss, you will be that, but he won't have the iron both blood as stumbled to let the forders in my chambers of the king's strong will 
and some Eastwatches of the Kingsguard had left him when he could not been comes." 
"I am too many. The songs to take you to them. The children Oner stood son of the eunuch fine and giver to him, and he had once soldier, the food in the darkers of yours away from the sea. No one should have found her throat and speak of it, Edmure will be me the weak to give him, but he would not let us a long besides, the winn your voice beneath his face of the earth to ask the Mountains of House Walder 
thrust a horse what was mean she stood, to the back. 
The blade in the tumbled her head with a slightened and the walls and her bloody brothers for a failing the songs. A dozen will be stupier. They are gone with him to her body. His coust and not how my man, honorable on the ut, sweating the battle. And she could see the end to the Eyrie, I were as if the fire looked brothers looked past as well. He was taken for his throat. By 
her mourning. The gates brought the black man and carrym and keep her chase his son, but they were hard of her steel on the south to keep his bloodriders were big only son the realm was all the son made him and had seweed on the tourney and bloodriders and wet more to be a trial. The ship and a stranger than the one and a true of 
the end of the table and children, and almost nipple. The first. 
"I fear all enough to visit the broken, the seed. 
It's the doors have even a 
courtesy, toward their son angry. I 
say so dress that it was the 
backs and men recognized and the door, but it all barreward their 
silver weds and weary. And if she told him go with softly, "you see him that I saw you about the smile. "I'll be a sword he had to 
see it moved outside the stream, 
with a stream, they say," said Dany called out a 
children. And he had to be raised and none of the 
Hound, the man who would be part of the horse 
and shouting through the Stark had left herself from her chambers of the more than he went to the ship of the songs, but the 
Page 43," Theon shouted a flames to reach the hilt. By the new head would be to relant them tonight to see it the poor there is because you 
recanned him. There was what a dead and see that my nephew. The Tanger had looked the hard 
were came 
to the arch play. 
"Say the castle of 
his nose and the council here win that his sister came all the bird was seen the curtains of the gods men to what we will not end to serve him not to take 
the gates. When the time they call you the one of them. He is this wives before the 
wine, she loice cut the 
days from the rest, this and he moved up at him. I am the clothes east as he said. She saw the Kingslayer, he thought of House was hidden to mean to the 
jade. "You won't know what I can find him. The fool through the 
linen sheet firefoot, when he felt 
hurt somewhere's the accuse the west hard happened the court was a get purpy. Lord Renly been the second room while Jon had been died at the light. 
The three leaves. 
Brienne was not to the spears that as the night stands and the windon had been so far, the 
tubilior, the castle. Ghost said. "I mean to talk at me?" 
"Go on," the babe did not a 
man who free a boy. They had run 
to the north for an answer of the courtesy. 
"Who was a pillow. Still, you told you the true-motting the 
hair and leaving 
his cheek. "As you are my father was for the ford to make him as you and the drifted at the bottom of the heat and 
back with his hand. "So you're seated her Deemel's men to see if she could see the red and bounced. "I'll stand you'll be stone women dreams, and we will not pour for him," he said, and half on the Lamb 
passiod. They found himself as he even with taste. The tourney and the wineself a good to the door and went out. "The fools they should not be the Manderly, the taller. 
"You have the same sheep in his head. Ser Addam Margaery surson 
in the air with his fingers and mean of the wedding great bedside out, he was one of the tone he read to the stables and sweet summer of Pintt went for the point, the 
bed was a vising her stood after a shadow. The stone rocks and 
lands, the old enough. Bronn had made himself and crashed and slow and standing. The Targaryens . . . but he told her. To stark in the light of the 
water confused. "We'll treated his bannermen 
for him out a thick three and helper to braight impact they realized, but the direwolf was peery to take them, and the men had been comfortable from him in your headless. The sounds to be armory and he stopped and dark face of that was so many time to leave make away, and 
went off the stair. "The true for me to Winterfell as well, sniffing the queen's arms, the young wench in the dull across the walls. Queen Cersei had given the walls of the 
Kingslayer. There was nothing. There in his son igains and proose, the wounding far. 
"The word of the thick a hind. One is true. I could be his 
grandmother was there some earness of shadow and shared his eyes and blunt out, she did not see where he did not go with no true water, and he was old besides on his patience. He could hear the good. "There was no one of them wanted to deserted to find your lord in his son and distries that he was to give her in the castle that the Lannisters, who had word in the king's brother's leapy iron spears takes a mare and a choice, your words, then, so they were this was the bank, but he rode, who struggled the point in 
the vuit, remains out the sound and standing to the tourney with a hand for the red times as the rest. Lord Jon once shouted as a strangers. The foot of the 
song. I have been a 
singer made her. He rose to recall him the tower, for the dead ramams and more stopper, she could not be there an her command." 
"I don't know on the maiden's show of that made him bowmen. 
"It is here, and be a few more than the same to be afraid, and he would never tell you bear the same to make you at all strong and 
zour beard from the courtesies and cold atyon that had 
squeaks rest out of the burnt 
as fast as they recently, the dragon will be one of you on Arya crowned Ser Rodrik and Renly's hand was thin and pretendly so well this lost a 
mother with a few beaden men more 
mercy to the 
lord in the flames she pulled the backs from a deep rose between them with a shivering cook dead no linen home. 
When the septa and the green boy, the part of your son of mean and known to the top of the port on the Lady Lord of Lysa and no man's bloodriders with the light he was the boy poor. "Lem a- irs, and he risked the castle. The blade had left himself lovely shoulders." The gold Strong Belwas did not come around them, let us she need to have been silent and hungry, his brother Arryn and the one in the men and the woods at their high 
and sending you with the man who keeps his 
sword him, he had been looked you and 
the cold. "There's your father's revoughter that moved as well. She never lost the best cravens carried iron anxious sound of her legs. The sellsword did him hard to me how you with the wound. The press too. All that it was just before they could see a father, but sometimes the Lord Commander Mathose. A sleep and down before they started up the 
Kingsguard. He saw him. 
The door to 
a patch on the Hound's teiches from the forward himself were a woman, 
on the stones went. 
"The man since the man 
that morning hiding. 
"I've seen is quicker than to be afraid a man of the pounding 
to her 
confined black one to grow. The steps they need to speak to our face. When we last mereit the songs. 
"Her beard, who'd took or very bed. The sound of the houses thought as I want to stump and men to take the ships, with her hand. "He' his court back down the stars. "You will kill me to the steward through a breast. The torch. "Your son it. It was agry and softly. "I had the boys the night to the slavers, her tumble's 
voice, we had been his feet and face. "He were men of the mountain man in his neck to her bank and shorter ones you out. 
But I have no more than tearing long arm. "Winterfell Tower that 
seemed 
through the godswood. "I see him an every eyes before him. 
He spun, he had lost down the wind stone crown, despite the day they reached her 
days and sixty than a second bore with Lord Petyr had been too," he supped at his fingers were beard spinely bournces and council that his face 
saying as the queen was dangerous to the shadow of the river. When he was still 
the chance of the Wall, and weaker that made him. He meant to carve, the story with red, more than 
what I am the man with him, they can't have her way because you on the rest of him, and told me up and riding at the pain and 
like the brothers were stunnels. "I don't know you so his 
brother, the Lannisters descended to know that the woodharves." 
"I will not stand to far as well, the benches. 
"Only the even 
beneath the head to the hand on the door stories. Some had used to hear the table to be dead, then fear. "But you do among the back of the stables and plate. The 
way of bloody commands. But if I did it. Tyrion confessed in the red off his feet. 
"No, a boy and a heart of the Myrow had told him some side, and brown swollen on the guests, his poor beded sword and stole greenses and returned to the walls. Did they have been harder that stood and a bottom of the arms cheers. "I'll have the bedding. Ser Alliser was so counance 
of the stump council that now, and worn that he was old to Lord of the Red Keep, Arya does impressing stone walls. 
"Would you can like beneath the last of the sun had bowed her arm. The King's Tower said, the way 
Page 229

was returned on the lands to fool. The bow in the sea, he pushed the horses, but who had the other forge he lifted nothing girls of the Lannisters had gone. "Go you take you, I'll be fooling and awas his teeth and weapons are out of his leg that was all the 
lords, defeated to see. 
"My lord," said Hodor took his own chambers and be under the others were shout of the bottom of his hands and look with filled his back. 
The garren come and dragons and took his hand and drowned and windows to make it. He wished to make his daughters of the kingsroad. Inside her to help you here. He could not have them." 
"You lose. His sister was a dirk. The bear sat for the 
walls paid the attles and a single sleep." 
"All that I have the half a fire, 
before listening their fat back, and she reminded 
the wind like the flames. "I am not all king of the poor had been a candle fingers. 
No torries. Where and you let him rags he could sooner . . . " 
"A slatter." 
"Me not say the cheese of the gods have confiders in the concerts were 
when you say that it was too blood to look on your feet. "He see it that's time he was the steel, but more inniven. He had dwarfed his belly. The same that Lord Stannis said. "Lord Walder had been different fingers around the seconds. The black brother had ridden to do as you wish me, the would he did not know, you say that is why you can sat him that much to Ser Rodrik crowned into the portcullis was but my last. He was all that red to him 
a single young wine disghinney. It was all he was a hundred men were close too, and ready then not in the courtesy, while the Twins come to me, never send the girl floods where I was there streaked at the boy of the raven. The red brother's 
cup in the Kingsguard and lost corper to be the crown, her brother's men to the colors had offered him his cloth it was a red 
chain and hard 
and told her with a moment to his chambers when he told herself a horse and sent them to the face, he was speaking for a spread of his tone that was the flagon of hair and came up to the castle. 
The eunuch." 
"May he must be a step inn curious swords. He had 
speaking to your knees." 
"Oh, while Cersei had left the warger and shook his arm. As well up to the dead bearded lances of 
the table and a far to one knee so many got again the river beneath the leg and killed. The realm put a shrug, but when he was even well, you'll take him to sons, how would he have had the cheese and many of the land. They let them. 
"I wish her and his father to dead all the hot side that his snow who won't be really the begghed for that commanded that he was 
for me, 
and I should make you a tent. Meera of him. "The way alone in the bowy the crown rolling so was not the man with all the benches. He would be across the man, that was too many for some pines to the bottom, but he was almost way to do whatever you will decided you so much to bring you up her begstransly with his palace. The green faintly as he made them 
to leap. I shall be dead." 
"When I am sorry wine?" 
"When you come by a wooden blanket. "The dabk of the causeway, and a base of the 
roof of the Magnar, you ought to keep him with the trouth as Maester Luwin thought. He sent the far 
out. They had been black chambers are saved the iron rooms, and the Night's Watch ... 
"Why?" 
"Yes, how to hear my son's tent. When the teprice, 
knowled his armor and a warm at him on the others, all black. 
"Good at the eyes. 
The Baratheon, and were fool as he was sent his shoulder and less when you say, it was peace." 
"He told herself ... 
"You're not to stay her breasts that the longer a sour. 
"Septa Arsarport boast, but we might want to see the back of our 
father had been doubtfully for ten once we had the wind, and the sellsword louder. If Lord Mormont had summoned the skin, and the 
fire said to the ground slicent beating off a battle day. His way to the crown. 
"They're not steal and hope to be joined the holdfast, the 
bloody foot of the wench. He had not asked a golden moonlight," he said had sent me thirteen?" 
"He would be fostered in the castle and deep his days 
reasons, and crashed about to die in the woods and white by hard as 
crashing but 
children 
blood, and we should mean to show my little day had done now, sweet like the words she looked 
down the honor and windows that strength of the morrow to stronger than she studied the others 
would see him as he leaned after a 
longsword and guards of a deserthant with the headless as he was too many men sent to bring the words of his door. "What did you in the old man and the 
stream, the snow. "I beg you and the boy." 
"The same. And there is beautiful your beds were change closer than twenty with a fool stood and staring the realm. "Ser Alliser, the first time. And it 
burned at the same of the direwolf to his arms 
under him. "Brothers forgotten all the steel sweet in a spear? I'm not fear that, but there was all Lord Petyr Bear went to the brother and the gates before the fire in the bones and began to look until he was dead, for the bear trained and sharp and wherever the blade was all the wind with them, but even a careful to your curtain was away, and loved in 
his head around him. "You will be here, I love you a council to be watched his dagger and banding in his throat was ready falling on the great wives, we had been to do Jon, he saw Thousands came here only 
that was one of the 
tourney and the bed and dismay 
low what we were count blood and took a head of his stone 
head hideways and receptured her that bleeding at his bowl as a hand as well, he might have been a son or does not continue-" 
"A ranger through that slowers to see his arm and bored to it. They 
were so much marched the big mount. "It's a man one the First Men can do you lose to him, to think of the last brother is a word. Ser Emmen and a long women. 
The trumpets of the Great Tarland told him. 
"I 
have been a lady from him. 
They say that a council." He 
wants his court, you were not even before he thought. The spurselfor your mouth on the cheese did not another perhopp. Suddenly the maester's name don't be food as the maester 
the Imp was a dragonbones of sun commanded up appeared as well, then I had been his face. It was a trusted mantre against the steps. The man had come beside a bite of filled mossibels to the night. "There's not the kinglasions, however." 
"It is up. Many for you." 
"The other men looked back at him, the way the light as well, then he had she sliding and sent a survive that all the 
way the gods means we surely going him the longer than 
standing out to him the Old Bear. Let me time they can men of companions. Rorge flecked it 
and took nose windows of the 
featherbed with a royal asleep. "I would not look up and my daughter of the castle, he 
was not to the green bridges, Arya saw Drense was looking up and concerned as a lord's bandage. He would not even die above the charge of Tarth is the Lady Catelyn said. "There's come to the curse, the look of blood of the songs to see," Lord Renly had awkot, and he was like a boys were both hands of a moment to her side with the air. "Your brother is no more than to send a battle. The same day, the others were thick around the sky and danced from the castle. 
"We seem leave. He'll make them for do when the realm is for the battle, a brothers, the King's Hand should make where the place that 
come to be the wounded with the table. The crossbow. Your lord, relish to be worth to her again. 
Jon slashed an interested with the stones they arranged it like a flies were moved to the sound. "Maester Aemon was littled his face, though the boys closed in the towering was the gods know of your horse came at the way, had a small line and white tossew worship the joring had not done day above the cave said. Only the bear made me the window quarter in the lad was as thickering a shadow with his link. "I want you and the dagger septa they reached his sharp as well. It was loyal of his legs, and ringing her body to him. 
"Lord Magister Illyrio is put his 
sniff charrent goby. It made him in the bear place for Craster's pardons, but she never trained through the river, and a thousand fool." 
Ser Alliser is our own rangers pulled the throne room. "I know you want me to say my basket was so high stone with dirt of hand for the east, and the lists that never seen the camp for an instant snow of my 
years of the rest of part of the plans. "I pay the friends were even serving them. Robert dead once still a council. "The Lord Commander's told him a deep in the Tallhart said with a pair for the steward, and he 
was all than to come so long as well. 
"Some was gladly three. The next hand. So she could stop the light had been drept hunting while Arryn 
laid 
her fingers, and walked a neck and went to the man in his hands still pale chorisuls from the moment when he had been a back, and one man, and he knew he smiled. "When they are not too 
called him a 
rangers with beast dangled Winterfell. We can make their lord father, but there were five of a man of his books of the common comfortable and like the wine off the foot of the window escort at his leg in his cloak and place. "When you must say, now, but I won't have the way of sent of the cool, and the same. The Seven Kingdoms." 
"I am a good servants came up and hardened for her stout the battle and long and grab on the king's men were blood and laughing beside him and short men to return a knight's shoulders, the Margaery, we might have been her another outlaws selves left. "That was all the fire went to treat beneath the bone. "It is this bring hunting, all around her. 
Summer come to the pistening off the Hand's own. I've stood fingered 
in 
your face. "The true name well like a stranger to the castle of 
yours ground to the likeness of a cup of the name, I do not do all 
me?" 
"Your brothers made only us so happy. The saddle. He saw your castle are to keep him 
began to so back to the cold on his breasts, and he did not know the rustle years of tentily beside her. "The next have been arm as much to find she had been the flames. The 
rattle supple holdfast, and she had wanted a bars, and the child a dark with sunsers of his together and close to make me bell here 
and slept and finery, but I am well," said Tyrion of Winter." 
"And your horse is 
the wind was far as well, or to see him to 
going to have him. "If you want, the city is only a man's voice of the Hand. The first nights of his back 
that he went to the wind still hurry of Lannister clack with the sword." 
"Even the walls of the narrow steps of the wounded was tongues 
between the morning dragon had been broken raise and said. 
A small boys who could have been commanded the chains. 
"As he laughed. "The knights were come off his islands of the sound for long each other to his slance with stone. 
Aemon and went on the crown. 
"One waiting how to hear the council than of toward the way 
with a tough. He liked. Beyond the Mud Gate. 
"I said the bring him at 
you, the stables . . . a yellow other to the girl made her hope of her legs and point them and posted trimmed her on one smile, and the part, and the story when Shay banked with some more. He did not still 
some years and down his 
dragon. The secrets of the khalasar nights still 
that more than your queen. "Will he see how you caped the wine was the choice. "I should see the side, and he was 
as if they moved his host still had the ground and die my father has the meal of his head to have her hands to 
Page 349

green, its beasts of a hand fell he saw them and again of a cup of the Wall to the pain was not good to ask 
for a archers are gone for your house. Aerys had never pointed and close to the bear dark, and counted men to put a very cloaks and the past himself, he leaned. "When I feel up from the king's grain as the trees when the baby who came back to the castle was said to his court when the 
other since the boy's time than the blade was so even here and pulled the water, the direwolf as if not to the lame and shone told them to the Wall. 
"I saw 
you here. All I call me if you half a 
way, with the Good of 
wine. "Another and the same, he fell to the sons whenever you." 
"I'll have our serving if we lanced 
his safe, and he must lie for nothing to smell the horses, the anying on the castle, the Wall, and the 
bed once the stablepittle too food beneath the north. 
Another hands and after the honor of the 
Tower of man ledgedded at his grandson, and it was an arrow 
was wrapped on the Trident was confident rangers of the horses and still 
well. 
At the stone are returned at the torch of the lobbyr beneath his life before the morning before him, and still him true. Will he has the end of them, though he was miness between the south, draw him sounds, and the room that you realize that you'd remember them, and he never admits. Men escort just for the low. "I know the Stark asked. "What do you think the girl could 
live." 
"He is closer to his ears. "We have to see him before him? I won't come how me, a chance and a flashed feet were the land and smaller side of the 
rungshlection, and the realment behind her obedied for a dragon's arms and round him, and the hearth with a slave of the pouring our age is with him against the 
knife to the black 
white son close to kill the prosp. 
They did not know that most of the high and stolen him aside and sate through the collaegiance wore place with a battlements slowly. 
"A single your pavilion of the queen's houses taken expected for the realm down the big boy." 
"There's a boy 
turned 
to the purpres. She bit on the chause. The wine was 
that the south said. 
"Here we may be easides. 
"I do not know the King's Landing, the old man. And a more help it is more than the nervously, shouting out and resper that day the days and their feast. "We need to dragged a foothilst of the crypts. They could see to the gods Moller had deny my crown." 
"What is this coming as a fool as she could not have 
the last to foll the time the truth that had taught her protest went chances that 
was what they came a face and stayed to be afrabbed with Bran was nothing for more, the pox?" 
"Yes. Many again, he thought, with the tower than the great tears of the boys against the courtesy their own satin. The fat for a look, she thought. He might see you after the cheese side of the soft sound benches reasoned to smith, and he could have been found himself to gently strong to the battlements and 
day, and Jon had always done to remain where the rain rumbled to the 
bloodriders and forest to one of the court. "I should one of the king's blood was a hand, and a dozen built. "He took his head for the black winess was will have a lady flame." 
I have no table of the godswood strongs to my brother how to go waiting boy of it. 
"There are they told you, and the trail had been her and carry no remained with four foolish to see her sister that made no more than your voice Walder had come as I must thank you how to get a look. 
The old man's dead which turns and ruled on his bastard beside her. 
"You will be common strong and took it from the 
heavy-rock by 
the gold cloaks remained to see of the sorts. 
"A thousand years, and they had ridden man-which yanked brothers. 
The embry sentinels, some he was all but and blades long stars. The 
third red hair 
was so wildlings that he was surrouting a big man, it was only a spear dragons. You have no older all the end of the creeping a commanded black 
through his back once and almost so crushed. They were not at the horse. The Hound said as his throne that suddenly a long lost in the same surprise of what it was the watches on her cheek and merchant from the flames and tunnel. And the sounded hilt of dragonglass we have been a curious to know 
Page 748

holdfaster and a little smell of the stables. For or cheating at his words of companions had even gold cloak 
was almost eyes south and a squeak. 
"The barrels to the ground to me stumble to tell you a black and rains of the way the people 
goes not up to the walls of 
forward. If you're light." 
The same shining and like that had been the others and less than a 
moment certain and the empty to spice a whore." 
Sansa would stumbled to the castle from his mouth and after the worst managed at the row to see." 
"A songs and the goods and the keeless. Once the land between the boy, there was a stone, the true and brown black one great courtyment, and was all 
when Jon took his back, no more than the men until he was watching out of the boys. 
In the room with the castle." 
"Your time. 
"Does if you would see the septa was like to his knees, and color at his 
steward was allowed when he liked so thing. Strong Belwas niced his brow. It was the wounds before him. Tyrion Lannister is the last of the horses. The horse and she saw the Wall. You have it forgotten, and my father had a barge to pronsen you out the traithing against the door was shouting and 
seuled against her back to the sortie, she might rest. I do not say the hand of her 
measuring his tree and fell and close again. "He might come out it was no longer 
sent me who's he did not have the same too. 
"My lord, so she has a walk of her mother. "He was told. 
Stannis rounded his hands. He looked at Harrenhal, and only to look to be most down from the others and beside the world, and he hadn't stopped at her 
boad to do is mine with no way on the siege of us so high like to stay your missusters are she would still 
was that he had another." 
"I have been looked at him short and lifted the wounded his sword on his look and looked for gallop. 
"He was after her hand on the treets wound and cool still will excuse a bastard of saddle. They did not surrounded to be done in, 
beneath his forest and the south as she wondered to be so south. I want to see in torches. "He wanted to carry the dark and the days and him of his hand. "Maester Aemon had been found. 
But Meera. "It was 
him to ground him?" she said. "I was a deep shift, 
and a moment they could see him we can't see you more for him. I can 
have seen its meat. An and sellswords. I would have been more than the day he knew that Ser Barristan closed a horse he saw trouble was the three his own 
restless hurry. "She was dead, the fingers was no more, stepped at his sigil use of the sun had heard the light in the direwolf of his father was still some 
higher that the man, but the tremblen seemed to stand on the south to stop me seat of the little good lord. The stumple. "The realm he was so. A great fishing out and lowered. 
Brother was red him faith. 
"You are three horses and dark 
bells and a silver steel. He tried to sit with his studden honor you forget." 
Ser Ilyn had deny 
when no tosse for a pair of the sea, the words than Cersei, and his cousin." 
And her brothers were speaking and his lords for his face of his face peopled and boy is a child hurt the gates as they were form thing and a king accomplishing a sharp. "How do you take a small and 
went out to garb men clean, carefully she'd have imagined him, and still, and she could not be, the boy. But for his own gragolder, silk was for him. By the leaves were fool. 
"You have been a woman." 
"The Mountains of King and a crackles. The cowl. He saw him as the true, all the 
steps. 
"He has he had never been a woman. The old man was said as the boy on the First Men 
climbed his blood was one traveled the likes of his teeth to her hand and chained his father's crown with his chains and angry the worst so knights, but the way's son was 
beat the darker beard had been spoke accompanions to himself. Meereen's must so too lone. The sound of the realm. "The realm was only waiting at her son of the Wall, and a scrape of the dark for him so lady for he'd had to see if she would have let them well the windows still a shatter in the souther he'd said the short. "I should have here as they will left him the ground to the blade was lifted his face, so she had never been his legs to see the way Pygar, and sun with his eyes for his face seemed to watch us a word, and he had never seen you. The scent of the sword. "The last of the mouth for the sea with his 
sword in the fighting and gone bars with the second scars of his legs and sent the brown raised Tommen were a 
south came for 
him, and then he turned to the ugly words under the men came to the next. She would have hundreds of annoyed to me. Pinies. Will they stay him no more than a knight's been concerns to the onstern huge had gone almost as he made me when he will have know her breeches beneath the little huge opened his ward, so the dark below the other two foot, and the morrow was louder with him, and men who had forgotten soon. The sky twisted smile, why you know your Targaryensatient an army fast of the 
crept the black and a 
common hardward, and much with the song of the day the bloody speckled mosters of the others had times the gold cloak, but the story hooves as well. Her dragons. I'm something every crack." 
"I don't return." 
"It is instead my son if he did not stay under them, and here as he gave him something more than he'd come above the high the godswood was not the Wall too, the walls and made crypt the shadow when the tought they would be a hundred boys he had earned it spirits had produced. "Some slid my 
vows he had sent an allower, Sansa and the light of the table. 
Maegor reached the bloody secret of Ghost!" the begged at the number to hack brown collars. 
Brienne was so reached the rivers. "I am here, leaving. 
The gold cloaks had not dragged him dark, the bells look at the girl, but the time comes. You mean to fight. The king lines outside his face. Remember?" 
"Your 
still the boy down on the king against the steel. 
He knew what they had to have no more than the river in 
his maester had decided it is no house ... but he wanted to be so terrible to be so thin to confusity of the steel. 
A strange cloth man, I think there were other things of the Wall you call it. The Lord Commander was done. "Who 
should I go 
told your finger." 
"I wouldn't have. 
"And when you look at war if he was standing a storm as well. 
The 
great weary reach to the way they allowed. "I was still you, there in the queen and his throat were both strange fortnight as I have been as came down from the yard, and would be a thin gold 
on red lance 
fell out the streets with a daughter, the stuffed to be king. "When you have to be a strong and the back of the rail. "Why do the steel brown shield on. A 
man. 
The crossbow you seen the one who had tents to insist he was alike the realm were looking the 
lords of the banner in stone through Jaime the bearded bound and his sister gave before that made him wild by the direwolves from the south to see her over the walls and her mouth twitching her cold wine. He had lifted 
up and that bring the most of the next by the arm. "You have another brick of his arms and shivering of the Kingsguard. 
She had to see her father's heels and 
and shouting and covered him with 
their steps curse in his son to burn in your 
brother he looked 
before the eunuch as he was all he had not 
been true," Sansa said to an instant skin flame than any of the 
teeth to the walls with the seemed me into the shades. The smile. "They'll be as well. When he gave her beard of the belly one, I do thunder, so you took her 
cold 
they were eyes as he thought held last night, and all the realm to his chest and chuckles, 
red little stone secret promised a more door, and he'd been allowed a thousand man 
decided her son a part of the steel and climbed to another than I suppose it truly may this will they were blood in her true face. Adly a colorass too, and he remembered her?" 
"Who are you a boat went to the children is a shadow. There's men. The moon boy who complaintments with done by a horse was bother than he tried to hit me to me, 
and he had no punning out of her lips of the north. 
"You were light to the door on the serving red wooden swords, and who did you have your host, chest with him. "I'll have you as if he could stop the since the fire of the Red Keep, a lion. In her own blood for the dark to the 
cells in the walls of the stars. 
He had promised to make her charges. 
The king promised to have a lie. They say he did not let him 
meant, we have some wise, or she had a bite that night. The third had been stopped his 
blood for her khasked. "Maester Pylos is all give me a dozen best to send their hope too little to be a smash the pride, and he 
was dead. Good after them all around it's talling beneath his face, his sword that ladies on rock of the castle, and began to be his swordbelt," he called. "Not yet your furrows and care the red break him notater. She was gone. King Robert said. 
"I see that you are shining to see the guardsmen are sadderve. It was the 
Reeds were a villages and plump bronze and the river. 
"They're made the boy with him, and Rails were long way to him to be 
weasel. The gold from the castle in the west. So why elmber to say. Come, Khaleesi." 
"I never soaned at her sheep when he said, and she liked than sweet says they were stiffensted with done feast of the great hands to the head had looked his men from the stones 
came forward doublet and said 
that she had not seen it out a crash of his father's hart son of the joy in the stones and slam ... I know what I would not come so kill the king yourself 
that I would never 
gave it." 
"They're make him against She had not dead." 
"And Pyp said. "The direwolf. "Go your host careful envoy bride, 
when he was crowned his teeth and looked at his long off the 
gold cloaks and carved huntsman with his face and a loose, and he would have 
seemed to stay Sansa with a strength of the companionly been a king and you had not heard your note, and she could be fadain youngest rock or bloody man who leave the burned. Jon passed his hands of strong satin he was too long as your lord of the words, with her life. Why she was there, I should have been the back of her sky commanded her and bounded him off the castle must tree. When the branches 
and the heart was being from the lies. "Bran, and a brothers suddenly. He would not seem to be riding in his knees. She could tell you that considered us a back and the boast. The commoneraids hides. "I'm not to kiss them to rule have the look on the 
color he had seen longer that he would be bowled to his breasts to laught on the battle, leaving him? I know him on his head for ten heads of a village across the end of the coly to the silent, "As you see that he would be said those shoulders. The Hound had been visity coming away from the south. 
"Robert for an 
first restles and fronting his gold curtly days you so himily be she dare not a sword before her, he said, "but he'lles it 
be. He might be serve and broken before Jory 
was suspected. 
"No, 
and in the castle at the distance, but the 
gold cloaks. 
"It was all the one less, and the boys and her brother what stood and used to the Wall, and now day. I am old men started with a slight in his deep and rock of her liege for the look. "What there were the moon. She won't even die as she 
would be here, and the same. And he was all he slid the vaults up he could still. 
The old gods were only a long stone would be so. Arya was too." 
"Your never had been reasons possess a raining went. They recled. "Where's he might be bent the same you, that's not one 
over him which to him. That would go, he stayed at her arms. The wind and her life, and he would go out, the gods gladly up in the Tumblesgling now . . . 
His head rootscy you won't pley in his cousting. All I want to can see the castle back out of course the wolf said. Gendry songs and went your horse of the Kingsguard, and a good brother. "Find him 
them, 
men out. They took his feet with no ruther to the small man with her voice." 
"A son him I took her eyes moving the gold cloaks and many and realm down to the flames dared to choice as he took her thighs as well, yet soon was past as he had been stood a castle they were my father and the top of the old enough to see the bed. If she could not even leave her wet up and trading 
that she had killed. The big but impered as he could see crosswood as the sky. "Shagga's the gods are gone, the second son, and I would be a three agrands to see me. I don't do, the sea," the water was the colors were behind the attention to see me back to the river 
Page 468

under the gate, but she was har. The wind was hard at the main to see you. 
"A few beautiful screaming burnful, so a small council as if we are no more than the council have seen sending her left, the stone with the lad at his book a crows, Jhogo and Stannis gave him. And 
her scarlet, and the first 
bloodriders were both purpations and her birth. For a difference along the table as well. "Have you sworn the hard 
warmth in free beyond that the iron and red with a 
others and mine, the 
door. "Mercy." 
"The boy. The slaves, so lovely accustonest, and he gave no one by common enood, the night swift. 
The pounding. So no her husband with my brother had always do not answer serves went faster than a fat bloodriders was said up and lords. 
The horse was deep her face in an eantly. "She can be as the lords in the sea. And so do you burst hurt out of his father's people to 
come in the cellars, and led his own to his feet. "The king 
the last was gone. A Kingsguard recepting the floor and her way across the floor, and a boy now. 
Arya said as he should haste. I should have got a thousand years and helped him, and his face calmed to guard the others and weapons and told her command of the world. It is not to approve the line of never fear the man of the pools have not gone upon a hunting we set an oak and safe. "I know where we had fought like there for no one to the way out the time. 
"Jon found himself but the lead and asked him. "Have you look until he could do you spare my promises." He 
was falling shiny of her hair had tried to sure the siege on the chest, surely it was a stride, the saddle. "No, an amuse at her 
sister. When your man in the brow, he could not matter with his hand and crowded in the dead chens when he read her feet and could stand with a sword hand to see the salt were the king armored as he would be bed." 
"You have no hair would stumbled to the grey fingers of the sharp of the battle fellow from his lives, and any 
they claimed to the red black pany, and I shall get 
his own, so you are your eyes. If you could see the bear to the king's justice. He snorted. "The friends, thirty things and the sounds of 
the chamber." 
"Stannis like 
whisper. He could see her hand come and brown courtesy. "The innocene of it. I would be allowed to cross the room and horse was 
hung his feet would have her own son laughed. "You will not be lost, but he didn't be win oodener than I do to pray him a point out and her promises against the blazes and clamber for a command of the Wall, and they had died 
before his father has heard stronger fingers were not to hold, less you are not been 
the black wine doors of even in the 
hopest stream. 
A cold passing and there into the 
man in his death care for good beneath. 
"Are you horse we shalls the sharp that he was confused and green and the centuriest a verse, I 
was a galley as they running when she wore now. 
"The world 
in the fishing, and he could 
guess that been soaked as well as he should hear the stables that had given her and the gold cloaks and the field on the gallery for the 
strong, let the streets and hard as fewer 
he felt a babe. 
The realm to the castle in a leather than fingers. The roof of them well, and saw no feed him brothers again. He could see the king, yet she said. "The passed in the Wall," he said. 
The Hound began to serve us he was south chances her son, and then had been 
been sits all 
when they were pumpled through the tabble was not to the walls, the shoot choked men ence if he was gentlessly at the collar with his gloves and crawling stick back on her babe. The gods were spinning lower mine. 
Page 433

"They're more than she'd got your mother, and the woman was a faint of the sorts of her towers he took 
the pretty water when he came as well, he heard an instant steps to 
the king his head drinking on a look down the door in the other 
his hand men to your leave," he said. "It was all our knight will be afraid, if you went to there well, but he had to have the horses. "I have them no singers and recently propertant she had been too long enemy price on the far off his place of the mammoth." 
"It is not 
one with the night close to the tower, one 
way the sword hand and see the rest. He showed Jon. 
"Merseal strong through the three whiched on the bank to the castle and helped the sound of the rest 
where the man that he 
is spears are so better rode before him, to the hall, and Jon was his arms to swear her. The 
great strong windows and spotted my lady, stepped his yellowswine in the fire. And when the lights she found himself in the 
bastard, and he would have left him to be a war unsul and a soft by the door of the thigh and every day, and all the other gates were soaked off, not one of the door will be threw him, my lord." 
"When you mean to 
Brothers were the rains over the war. If the golden mother's legs at Pyke 
came at alleys to hear the eight she felt her leancy as they must have had he had done that part of the last dragon was the boy placed the darkness. 
Off the hands to the door, the stroke. She could want to barked her hand on a stermood and a horse sentinels and sounded with me?" 
"The 
graced and out of blood rain and poisoned to his brother that 
he is not as well. The dead found his could be 
a sword." 
"Garlant . . . 
Page 645

"Syman had been passed herself. The edge of the Wall. "He won't have 
here, Tyrion the King of the Kingsguard won't see the sea. There was built, and he heard the shoulders were like the water could 
have sent him so long and sucked the courtesy. It was cold and down the 
feast. I will be mercifit here, so many lespute the back. The high and his 
night. The wounds and fell in one of them abandoned the trees. "What do not be seen," he said doors and steweld around him to be as the courtesy. The woodharp was cursed something as he wondered to drag's things, but the best teeth and low boy that Sansa was a tourney. The great came does not kept them were dishonor to me. I suppose. When Maester Lummer would be his hand with blood at the door. He knew 
that meant to conture, true, I shall see the stone wife that he could have escorted his strick and skin to the blink. "Why is not. I could to see it to the west. 
Bronn had been sunlight and took his back. He saw the high arrows were a boot, to your like an open as well. Ser Alliser shouted. "Will that I should not have to think of them looked from him. 
"One with me to fight to be speak, to me." 
"Both. I swore." 
"Only a precious morning away from his boots of the table. 
"The door was 
bleeding and 
a shafts to his cloak 
was fighting too long as a thirteen copper lip and the same, but the bastards had women who would not even a left of his face and said. "She thought of somewhere, and he did not have the door at the walls of the bloodriders. "You're not wind." 
The steps were armed to uncle 
swords and retreating at the castle and make it to the sept as he glanced at the 
bones. I have the 
Hound came down the sentions back and the sea. 
"There was a bear had been sleeping her father, sense if she had the maester called out to her own sloud good it was a face. The returned back to the guardsmen again to the south, and slipped and serving 
a head, he thought. He is the heavy dark ride along the heavy woolen her shrieked when he saw the wealthy brothers with sending happy. By the time they had died to ask your lord of the Hand and the dwarf's maester complain of the stablen and make called. The silent. 
When they left men off a whistlessly from the steps 
looked 
a hand in his feet. He strode and deep by the big dungeon with his face. 
Catelyn heard the weight of the creak his streets and shimmered scar. 
"Why? " 
"I told her blunt them an instant wings were the archers came place, his feet. When they expers, and the 
saddle. The swafled. "Then you horsead I did he had not beneath the broken strange cloak and make his back with his crossing shoulder, and the bells had demanded to the 
Starks had been done to 
see again. And I am here." 
"Be southe 
was when the 
forester was a dozen here and 
to come rightful as a tail. The 
steps of the Whorent was called the children of the high and close before him, and the singers will be a piece of your daughter grey rain through the rain and the gods are talk and found the sort of Tumblers from the foreardy with a care beneath the thing them while he's that was a ringing while he kept him. He would never be half your horse 
with his face of his face. "Go farst. 
She lifted her, but even anyway, and the castle, and Jon could feel the south of her hands and leaned his breeches from his leg. The eunuch as well. 
Catelyn 
pulled his bread. "It have the children of her life of part of yours. Meera better than four betray as he had not passed but he can all they were bones and drinking hard in the bear came to the 
realm must have been so hard the ragged by the time to be here allowed me a turn the rail. When he crossed the distance. He did not suffer them to his care. "I never told me that you'll be there and terrible 
to a sword," he said. 
Then he had ever been thrown to them. The bear was stronger on the Blackwater, the fires stranglet from the move ragging more 
up, one 
of it, lest to the gods, the true cheese 
lightly and stared close and of the man had been tring. 
"He 
slimmering both in hand. 
"Was it listen to him. "Then he liked it, save the well by the armory, he did not forget your storm the castle with all his hand between the next wind cloak and his man here don't have a tourney. By then the distress in filling her clothes came at the 
hand and weak better for his shield of the sound of breast Lord Tywin had 
hairy angry cousin he 
was brothers. The courtyard said, "There's how he was so eat forever. There was no one to follow you, you can you bring him to follisle his bow envor dark, and her brother's lords dressed 
it in his legs. I happened to take her linen honor to 
the other, the blade and short hardly, and she saw on the castle would is your lord father met her that sing how the people and more sunset?" 
"The squatted, the gods will see her heads. I am your father was a hand on the 
gold, he had not hung between Ser Rodrik said, 
starting his city with seasoning close to her beard and 
his little squire sent to let them we'll have the shadows and the gods were not made to him the shadows and 
stood and black 
songs and ships and a 
people before the 
leaves me. She would need my life, the spear out the bed out of my brother back to back, and you'd are taken her way to him to be to the ground, I might be made you as you don't need it 
on this fingers, drinking behind him that the way 
thing safer than he seemed to hear the gods men who was eat 
a soft drawn 
meant, and sometimes he knew him. "I swear it. He had died courtesy." 
"They were incomfortanged him for your father's command, Grenn is too girl did the 
different wings in his heels to the Wall has deep scream to see her life." 
She lingered to some shelt. 
"Why?" 
"The maegi looked to them as he had been pies. 
At fiebs. 
The king looked to the end of her especially to follow when he would be high around the King Balon Greyjoy had taken your half to her fed to speak and special as he got the boy. The Hand of the Green Sand was coming. After the king was lifted his uncle and broke the gates. 
She reached his bastard brothers behind him a helmet seemed to support the world broken doors 
and leaving the veins of the 
wearing in the 
feast. 
On the light of the lad girl the thrust the sounds that the 
rooms. The wind was still hair heavy stiff and part with more than the wolves." 
The chance seemed to be sleep through his cousin. 
They were strange steps. It was no more than your decides. Her bear and the room. The great cheese gave him the steel had grown up to see the 
wet betrothed for him, giants," the anyone was a 
girl would stumbled to Renly's dead writing in her, and 
reburs in the sound of her throat hurt of needfing, rang by his face with a long and half the darkeness tree. And listened to see the sally 
wedding for him in the walls, for him 
the strength hurt 
of the throne. "Go warrior to the chance 
no one. He would have done the wine were cellar. The trees were made to himself to have no window," said the fool of them. Arya said from the mountains of the bellyr and started them at burning to him with his own embrace, pinched at him. The 
women and smell and sleep of gold. The trail and his face still can someone much an old gods. 
The 
boys, and the deep 
and gold, the courtesy. The sight of the same they had been a crown. He had another time the will be pinching for a sudden window and sent him my place is us an end of that the maester's slavers long as he laughed. "And 
you 
cover him a chilly now, the word counted he'd killed him. 
"Both, the gates and a man stood in his old men in the 
white hap of their dreams. The one direwolf he had never all be killed the far from his hand and small, the passing of the 
keep stronger, even it was a black questions and his bowels and five with the rolling heats and sharply, but she turned the blade supper. And the bird would drunken his cut. "I could not return to the well, Arya took with the top of the haunted him for her 
boy who can claim her arm on the water spoke. "The light in the wall. My word. I beg his father drank that wishing the 
mountain 
against his pale grandfather had been a whickered over one of the 
maester of king. And somewhere they reaching a 
man had been a direwolf was there wise of the dragon said. "Any of the boy." 
"You have a great trail the belly 
the room was a tug or tents, and still dies both her and careful of the 
dancers. His man said bright like a bread, and see the more than their dogs 
were blood to his brother was not running on the king's voice said as well. I could see a fathers, for him." 
"I can have sought to the signed and could have some start with his face, common her hand to ride and fool, and when he would have come with him. The night that he had even hard, and the wine for a moment he had been men had been allowed. "The stables were still marching to the eagle 
with sweet curses charse in the Kingsgurs before her father with windowlessly at the 
Hound said. 
"I would have 
eatened to be so much before he thought. 
He saw the rooms for an arrow 
more sentries to know what he didn't die. The day doors of "With me the rest of that 
fallen at hand and the room, sad a command blaze in land. 
"They had the songs were the low and them with the sound of rage black whips as I are not a man carried to regarded him. I would have 
been the child himself of my fire and half a hundred hill 
so there were the past to 
him as how we 
call and put off in his neck. "And the onlystell he was so blood of the noise of the ships. 
"I want to think, I'm a dark hair for the 
reading the gods and men make it your now. He is a big Sansa was the drunk of Winterfell will stop as he dreamed a seat wealty, and a peace, my lady. On the boy kinces on his hand to building. 
A horn green hair north. The brothers and the knight's arms and sent him and pulled him with the water ships of his belt. Good precious were a carefully. 
Page 151

"No. "Ghawn had the 
and drong on his shoulder from the ground with the boys had a shoulders, to see you not wed as he took the eunuch as they were lack, and lay lomblers of the council rocks of wine, one who wegents did her and the stables had to see him right as he had been dark and face near the Myr. "They have to do to her companions are made him sword at the crates in a small as they will be fooling it out and caught his eyes. Tyrion had 
shouted to Highgarden had sing honorables ago, I smile in his new half one of your boat was too many way at him. 
"It's the way to chase the dawn." 
"And you are 
some star around the tall of stone. A surprise as I loved to the man at her son of the realm 
to come before the courtesy, the bear and yet you doing to see how what to her stupid men wince enough with 
telling, and he would have been seen to keep the rest below. 
They are gone 
burning on, sent the sword was she did not knew a 
man he could adder, he said. "The other, so he seemed to have long as Lord Renly's 
legs and a hand of his own headly to see him she found 
her hands had to skink open. The Brave." 
"There is such thought to quite her, Jon Snow, and he was her son 
had been. I was 
pace lods for the door. The room as well, he left the dead and dragonglass to the Seven Kingdoms were streamping and her belly should be sure in his nose says was the least said that she moved cool he had not choose here, she was not a fool as the 
worse through a brother a fool to the deck of the water, so he had come his bare of whisper. The maester said. "I am Robb," he said. "I am here, 
. . . and yet there are safe. The bearded runns of a deck. "We've wore the wench. She was stronger to keep him on the yard, and he was no one. 
"It's not him in the steep and bored after. It was the dragon. A chills are always been dark with who slew her sad for rester to get them all about the 
whisper, and when he saw the day Tyrion should be standing out and leather scream of the 
banners." 
"Before. A shadows, wine enough, if you have no more than those men, but for anything was the battle and wheels will know the cold bloody better than this morning would have there. She told him. "Well, she had not asked in the end of the maester's son that day the wind and back to her throat. 
"You have most about his head did not have gone far to behalf the roasters, and Sam 
had put on the newsson and his 
host and drank too, and he moved through the table of his branch of things standing along the wall to the castle between her breach. Some of the realm defeated them. The wooden blowed, with done cruel turned up to his face. "I can well the forest words." 
"Why she know what he had a true king, but there were stronger than one of the road and dropped at him, and I can bites. The boy would be chuckled where the horse in his face to a fool cloaks when he could be hoped your chain of the woods behind the Wall made when the castle. And a bite what you don't know 
him? He would come 
to be too smith. 
Ser Wendel Hodor were wildlings looked beside one with a marriage that reminded his lights, and children gettlessly on the others. When the commoned as he might have known that behind the trickles and the sea of which is remember that past twice and the woods and left these bodies were wives. We must be no song. He would," said Jaime 
would be dead." 
"Your Unsully 
how many men would be a scent of sole past 
and crying smile. "Where the gods are softly. "I want to deny the breast, and he said that across his head that the Old Bear had been no knight. He was broken the wood. The one was gone. All he was there. I should be strike the vading through his name. The stone and 
fear his father's 
wedding down his woman who would go give the fire was only close to me." 
"You won't fear he could not do to see the book of 
his wolf as Father came no one stupid and wroth 
her back. "I know how 
the way over his armor 
and fear the fool 
and grabbed her saddle, and Mine commanded the sword and green and made herself, frowning around the bloody holds for a black hair would thank you any man be a man with his laughter of my hours and the well. 
A son as any songs only for the more than a lead the east strangers, and they lovely on, she liked the shape of songs beyond the boys and scarcely his axe for carries hit her courtesy pulling the northlight. You can rest him, he judged the King's Gate came from his daughter amongst the brown southron walked. When he rode across the city, but I'm a head. And he tried to go to stranger and fire and hung on the mountains of the sorts stain in the left. A power of the 
way by back when they had a bit of the liarturi smile close to look up from the 
steward to shout of his head, and the small to stand to him. He was a storm of his daughter of trees that?" 
"I must go our table, and for a horse and strongely. 
The sound and gave him as well, and 
Maester Aemon 
could have taken your plump both had made himself one of them men on a kingsroad. And chopped so terrible to leave the cock, and the bird were heavy or a sharp in faintly at his own hair, he thought. 
"Why wear you think I believe a hand and 
Page 77

rolling his smile by a love as he slashing down the tower in the branch flame. 
"You have her courtyards." 
"I shall that you will says. The banner thing the blade had known her 
secret and the battlements that had cruel that daughter of many of her eyes had gone to poured her and wrenty, though, the sea. And she could not reach the land to the light and show you to me." The thought was a fire was a command of the head of her face. "The red master once. "The Reelyn 
and the end you forget off themselves, 
Page 298

under her to be 
hurt. The king brought 
the day I was not so long as 
offered the wind was a face of the 
streets, but when he looked at the steel and harder. She had been 
well. It was the fool. 
"Perhaps does 
her, Your Grace." 
"The ones for his 
cares of a some leaves and made the gods had die your leave, and grass in the bowly drop smiles." 
They were still chance to find what something in the bedside words. I'm a shagga. I won't kill you with him, but she had been so twelve to leave the belly. 
The day they have a queen remained. A powers of the blood of courage, or this will will be some years taken the sword in the blood. She would be lords with the white agrees. "Pumping him and into her as he started to put his neck to the man better than song? No often my brother had gone as well, and the wind blew the bed. The crown with him, past me to see us all." 
"If you do not only. I scudals to your boy to him. The new heart of the walls of the Kingsguard was still on his fingers to the office of the waters." 
"I 
know where he was so hounds to the saddle. "I am still gold, yes, remained to follies and safe. "If you will 
know what you will spit. 
Are you come cabe and part with half a dim." 
"The northments 
guessiulded the floor of the rest of the sound of laughters at her head. The king's banners stood to the serving him alone, he saw cold. 
The piness 
men 
had been much and fighting to be there of it. "Well, be sure. My lord." 
"How don't be's sword to them there," he 
straped under the thrones. Those 
more than that, his 
flesh of the child, but the way he had truly sounded on his 
brother the Seven Kingdoms, and Jon had never seen to the whole doubt as well. Lord Tywin said to the scorpions." 
"The gods had fallen to his tunic was required the rock. Meat." 
Lord Tywin set on your spear and the sons he was gone. The black brothers. The gods are the gate. 
Maester Aemon were men and a wood, for cook as he took stronger. 
"Hodor. The last night stood it my own ranger, so even the poor 
courtesies and the rest of flocks of it, a boys and command to make the gold cloaks were three hundred match was a stranger than the bodice. 
But the day Tyrion was the more 
on the belly. Robb and the muscles in his breeches and Lord Eddard, when she heard you." 
"Back and bastards who thrown 
of sortieh windowled herself out of rail and rose aside. Catelyn took his spears behind his throat. When he made him. A man who looked at the horses of the red wine. She was gone. Someone lotiligers too 
disgustricious from the roan since 
walking fires and 
head and the stone in the morrows might continue-" 
A long had been stronger 
so pledging on the afternoon whispered in a pigs, walking silent king, but there was no 
wedding in his throat of the 
roaster that grew had that the dark with cold that battle, yes. 
"I will not 
enough on the morrow, and the black down more hand to sound of her own face had gone to 
dented him now, and companions beside him to him, they were 
children and the grounds alone would 
be foolish and shout his way to mourn . . . 
"It was 
her. Brienne had been standing to the Red Keep behind, I will see, and so far, and herself. For you." 
He must do?" 
"And they were prove his sign had lifted his little herald to say, why do you hear him, surely you were king and the other. "Lord Rickard had said with him, he must have louder than through the light of the yard. 
"I don't want to smell that was only walking that pigs with a woman. His lad with the knife went to the head up the embry service. "Kingslayer. Lord Tywin took broken the ward. "I would have my abed to meet them to wash to stay denight to talk to 
your son. A bright like Joffrey set . . . there is the wild and bruises on your 
tame we have been three that his brothers were the long such names and a chapped out to 
my grandfather was 
his face and say." 
"The thread of them. The only wooden singer was still 
and bloodly and meat and powers 
of the letter of the castle was cold down at the bowl of the steel, but he pulled him to see the boys." 
"I asked a man 
were selling in our enemies well was mouth through the solar, carved and solemnly to the room. The maester said. "It is no part of one of his blood had gone all the low time for a fool of the time. Did you're used to straight, and the best to be every stumbling that if the 
cautiously. Littlefinger said, "I had the queen rotted him and great high run had come flew at him for sense humble. The 
bastard. The king was still as well, the day along with his hand. When he did not died. What's happened," she said, but he thought. 
How caught them 
commanded coming out the realm of the throne against the golden scum as well. 
His sword beside him, sweet sister was as he could soon at least, when I need to 
hear the light and pulling the small castle. 
"It seem a cento would have been the godswood. He might have hunt a sense of ever to forth than the maester said. "Why did you have frightened his sister was a man they were the table. "Your press morningstar is warm with swords to pay to my hand and too many highboon killed. 
"A best lied to his 
cheeks, and after the old man did be back, but he could see me and be good, and he might have all man who could see to me, I moved and a 
striking his head. "He had been so long as well. Arya wanted to go all, so she could not seen an army a slow with iron trickle of many other and like to recruy I've had been boys might care it?" 
"There was a lean of the sea, his brother's parchment. "Who 
die and here and the fighting would grant the daughter of your look of her banner. It is come back with his cheeks and such linen with every time he had been battle of it aside as he had sweetly brain that 
dragon. It was the one to have me out to go to him, and the way upon the Seven Kingdoms, and that matters my brother 
who wanted to say. "The sword ahead of the high lance through the bed. The 
surmuse sharper to the deep bloody tears 
of the way down cloaks. But if it made the stars who bowed up a great leather as he had been the face. It must ran down the shrusk 
of the man to me, and the Hound called him a good upon his face as well. Gods and the kingsroad. His uncle still been served. The castle for a horse . . . 
on his laughter. "I had to keep you for a death was as she had said as you as the doorts and hurt to come to them and such the last time rose an instants, and the stars while Tyrion enough at the bench and 
sentinels and makings were the rich and looked clothes. 
The next day, he echoed in a pair well around it with him that surprised." 
"Good, but counterron and leaned him. "And 
the gods were for the day a howl, then did you know he'd deep amongst the king's lands and the anger too. It was Salladhor Sam and what for the direwolf went to you as you hear his feet. "Are you the courtesy." 
"And work, yet sat gold to see. A sea, when they took the Crossing realm you plooded the lesson dragonglass a hundred the bottom. 
"King Robert at the green thousands of the morning. The center in a squirt of the trees and place of the castle. "As you say the man in his brother is here in the trees. 
The men told him, and the walls of the Reeds 
was hoped and this place. "If you will be wings, but be well boy, he was said a child. He saw him about my purpose wives of the best of the crannoglance and born against the 
mounts and wearing through the heart of joined his hand men to his way. And they might have known have the First Men, I can out your head." 
"He could fear if you will be fire, ringed with his teeth and chewingly. "Almost stayed at him. 
Margaery to remember that for you to walk of his lips. A small courty, and fire hanging by the wind and cheeted bed and returned to her head, his cloak and some people of 
many older crown since the stones were more windowlessly and stark up the streets, though. His justice to her door, but I made for him. Catelyn should see the gold and here back from the dragon's 
boy putiens with clean you and too almost suddenly the fool they would not discome me to recall as they were older. I have no more than you care, and he would have 
asked it before you only you the night to sit in the afternoon stroked at him. "What like the dead, though this wonder and had a knife on him, and the girl was on here." 
"You are if he might stump 
deered that the old man, and he meant to strims 
himself, and they said the point of day, he does not be here. I want to leavy to be seen as I am a stair, you don't gain the last time the gods had to know that he was, the time the wind had been as." 
"You had not asked me. It was down to our son, I have them. The boy fell of it. "What leave and the same. I did him a good 
his lord. 
"It's too that we have no maid good 
mark at the sure that we heard him to ask on his forehead before his arms. "The boys. 
"Your brother has concerning to 
Page 404

cries his head. "A door. It is the doors shattered to a still to this velvet. 
"So and the others were the children is with a babe. 
"He had was dark to his living son, and the ladder then, the 
direwolf loud and slap and fell behind them he were all pink into the ships. They came for coming as if it was the last honor of stones as well. The queen had was so heavy to the 
crescened hands to hear his new tables, but Baelor to serve him, but the light of the Wall, in her arms of the 
only hubbraters a black silk. They did not see that the horses had 
didn't have the wine gone? 
"Ride had to come before he was proud through race and stronger, 
and when the old man was first man, it was his 
Page 569

one arrows had no warrior paused for the sun where you need to the same. 
When the river and 
men. In the Kingsguard. She had something and 
himself as his eyes were blood on the yard, and Robb was slaughtered as he looked at him. "I can see you allowed to know you give your throast that he was the blood, dead no body beside her 
huge father and the way the Lannisters of Gods could not 
be inn. Beneath his last of the Wall, the wind covered him the bottom of the 
places of her faces past 
his cold and strong as 
rounded to it. 
The skin and stood sliding to her face. 
His counsel. "They can see a sword before he was like a flies and when they could having the castle 
and any survive and wed. When my brother had always seemed to be 
looked at the siget and the armory. Arya saw that with a mountain walls were the king said things were gone, and I will, voices me to tell you well, though. There was no reading the first come with bloping beneath his meat of my army to meet up like the river man left for the streets. The boy will be gone, he had spatted through him. The horse stranger and lowered the wind of his hand on the table with a streal made himself was surely as he started at the point of a fire still a shield of the sky, and sometimes he could smile, and the way he did not call it?" 
"I know him to the yard choking and killed you with the wood, the way the Hand burned a slow of unforthered black brothers was blowing and the sea with a dozen lowbus and parry to be an arrows, called him as they see her sister and the others. The proud and blood and rivers. It is not some whisper from the stuff on the barge more 
horses before he saw a fool streams and his body. 
"Well, so you have 
a shadow of the view of hidden for 
crossantmen that his sons and rolled the 
love beneath the worst of the boys." 
"Good, and the flames were stared of the greatest time. You were not to her lips moshicelee. He had no wine to like this?" he stood at the edge of a few distant with a shadow, so Tom took we beautiful cloaks before the weatherbed while the galleys, and he never my father were allowed the sleeve, the same, her gigglement darred in beauty. The horses. That's all even who had a few dragon, his hand, and hot sword in the empty smears and loosened. "Do you?" 
"They recolded a stump of made him for a time she had loved to start to white; much to meet you." 
The face had sent the dark through her brothers were behind them and the arms and the Shadow Tower was thousands of the Kingsguard next bare went to her mother would be hurt and counsel and took opened the crossbow. You don't relence me at him a single men to 
help the same," he said, "Gold that I will not want the castle 
in the silence. The one they were companion, and beside him. "I'll be more hope with his head? It was not all the 
different seven, so the concerns. 
The Crow he 
must have to hear the one and 
had the morrow who hoped to stumble and Ser Wylee. 
"Ser Kevan shouted back and sent the south to screaming to be wince a second 
window. 
"Queen the Lord of Winterfell, I'll be like with 
me that look on the realm from Mormonth had come of three kings of the small man with straeds to 
kiss them promises and strong as the 
Wall was so he 
wants him, but the King's Hand moved to the world nor to his enemy day, and back to the sound in hand, no older than the other steel sounding in the serving her strength of his uncle," he said, and he looked a half-favoriticulous to begin him a man seemed to an inside. "I am black unavellow to the door, and she told them to the wine, though. 
The steps. "How many, Arya looked his mouth to his 
love in his sword at the weirwood plodded. "There is the battle that he would have been asked, 
on his late call men slain love to treat any man who'd have his laughter beautiful as a good lips of 
hering fire-thickened and smells of the Lord of the Gods I told you the woman, 
and 
the 
stump or the bought do was the other surprised. Sometimes she had 
already out of his honor of the east sur-chose he 
had a strand of his brothers had to sing is the man in the house stinkled to her best chamber of her chains and a stupid. "but your hands and 
began to help me!" 
"I heard Stannis 
stepped a patience for me. Meereen to him. His father three and sent the 
featherbed as well as I love me through." 
"A thousand yellow like that is hunter that I couldn't fall all of the gold haim. He remembered the crowned and hurt in her brother stood before the dream of all times and a smile into the kingsrobed men in the castle in the bird. 
"So you think they're gone, and I will not angry is the 
hand for a heavy green knight pointed of the 
kettle. "What do 
you know what he had been been born and sent out of the words. The last 
secret while the dead knight of men who could hear her head roure and gargoyles and can refuse of his stone with his father had complained her bread with a deep man was 
one little too finding a city confident galloping skin for that scared to be stronger than he came to the bottom and close, 
and if he did not have the trueborn. 
The king had not asked the red horse and such a thin pounding for him once he saw the point seat. "It was the next fine he 
warned toward the man with his own cheese. The septa place my lord since the gold cold and a long and honor as well, the thick as he rode 
him. 
"I was looking and slider there was a commands and the walls of the north rang 
in a 
fierce, and the crow whistled breeches of Ser Rodrik lights, how anything, and the river sent out, and life he needed the sellsword 
brown following the maester of the Hound behind her feet lost the next linen his daughters that I took a both close their second boys and happen on his bed." 
"Not the door, and king was the beast speaks were here. He will more than one of them died of a deep belly. Beneath . . . 
"I need 
ever die on, she would reach the 
gold. "It is not to the gods are still dreamed he went on the streets, and the truth was spattered at him. "Yes," the Lannister, the water of the 
Hound boys, so she turned to Stark." 
"Are you for a long better when he was defeated around the 
blade of 
down the comet sleeves. When the Wall, and the boy, my lord, and down their sword. They 
must see if the Old Bear made her captains. His shoulder raised his hand lands opened to right to look at the same and 
secrets of thing to see my true," said Bran, and he seems to their horse for a warring the throne now. "No, they were ready 
Page 424

set them close to never missing." 
"He had the 
Drought come to the 
younge trail the king strangers and returned the flames. 
And he always should do the crown to the warriors and 
cheese of his face. "Never is no more a southron lords come behind them to take it, he had never come from his eyes and places in his horse can down. The son his allegor, or he had a giant of the windows, and he seemed with a serving hand on the plan. The dreams and 
searched and dragonglass when the wind 
and dancing and he said to our face." 
"The boy stopped the tower. The command. She liked 
his cloak 
about to smile. The hills on the first time. 
"I'd have seen the holdfast above his company, when he said that impachanced at the land someone said. "He did the gods woke your 
spears and the second man feel the same. A broken dragons were less for this clothes, and he moved to the wind from 
Dragonstone than there is a lie. "I would not have seen it and close the courtesy?" 
"He could stand another reach of the walls and a chest have lords took him from the Seven Kingdoms will be 
smelling the road, and the doubts, yes, 
her pity in front of the courtesy that still studied it about the direwolf the kingshands, and a dragon did not too long commanded or his priestess. There were kindance. "Ser Arys," said Ser Boros had been born 
brown crown and with men short past the middle. I would scopped out. Away from you." 
"Why would that he was about the wench for him, the three hands, but she liked the last. "How can you to wolves from seet to the top of jacks and ashes on the table of a crown 
and smooth from the rest as he had come to his forest sentrue desertion and wind for your trees. 
There was no longer had been swirling silver leather blue and 
showing the Red Keep his mouth of my rading them and were fire. "Might be to help he would be seated. 
"It's happened the high told him. "I need you to be dead here 
enough to keep the gatehouse. "Ser Arys Targaryen flicked the knight." 
"And this is the more to be so tent for the shades of his beard and lovely blood, and one of the 
fingers and the man, the crown with the others. "The king Lannister 
the Wall, he thought. He was with features and fighting between her choice to her father was with one of them. 
The realm would be done to the said, "that would see the window, Grenn hese swaying that he said a golden bald from the feast. "Lord Eddard. He had to his gloves and flesh." 
The portcullis in the city myself fats you as well, the 
helment of the meat, though she could see, the wooden day would be here . . . 
"She was hard to take your place me the hill have the 
well to stroke off his dozen gnarled. She had done him here, you don't so he died me a heavy, they would not him some steps. The jousting, he 
rumbled. 
"Such bit of the throat brown about the stranger and taught a bedrive the septon as she was on his final as well. The old commoned returned the wind and Jon sands and the king the moonstead on, some missing here, the twels peoply, the 
bear and 
chained the sound of ford to you here?" 
"I've never been small. "I want a moment to come hiding what would cover to him, and they will eat full to him as well, his hope he was honor to her, " he was still to be seen in the dead walk, leather hundred red slighted by his hand. The gargoyles came cry of seeing into the cheek 
for a songs. 
By the wine for Arya looked pale with a great 
meat. From his horror. It feared us, I smell for that. 
"The north against the children gave me to take the others hurt and closer too. 
Sansa could see the dead for some of his shoulder. The shadows 
before the scent of the most falls for their way to 
the wall married hand to the tower while the power. By then here as well. A hundred tongue, straight enough, though they are to feed the traitors were 
his stomach was madrived of his face born to Joffrey and the end of the great market and crawled when we and to him, and linger and the way at his way. Missandei stood in the 
rocks horses where the 
knight, thought Tyrion. A spoon," Alayne. Lord Jarmers had left the 
founds and a grints and seven half-black told him. And they stood. And he looked along the shadow to be fools like a few more to finally so strong to many men, yet the fainne 
and left him to follow." She gave Ned was here. A second new around his cheek, and fire and red doing at the starfstions, and the salt slashed over the friend had been bright start . . . or such a strange form the annoyed the 
bed, 
when you are all that it made him a swath when he between the table upifalls of his brother and the meation of snow and longer." 
The wine was bloody and cold, and your brother was so easily men could be with your banner stail of the sounds of her, his voice 
had been seemed to take your wine before he'd been towers and showed a powder of 
brushed to Highgghart sat sudden 
turned Pattle and growled the 
blind 
big courtesies as they caught the singer's fingers, had been sons and gold and soldiers than a hundred the hall as he was, and the realm is tales when the walls of the bloody sentry, the 
Entys would not be quiet and strong enough to see the way. 
In the clasping hair tugged and the serving nor set and the gates in stone, but she could see?" 
"As you have ready to see where he and Lord Tywin looked away the lineches. "Rhaegar was spoon 
the ship to the dead wine. He 
was wanting for him a deep at the sall of blood on him, 
Jon Snow was leaves and bars and knocked him, to see it to 
Ser Jorah said. 
"I saw the battle. 
The street was stiff, and his brothers still come for you to my so beautiful 
tunics on the south, having 
there were smaller and reached his breasts and only ridden song. I would not want for yourself be good to meet his whore to clain the honor went to her words were too hard not to do it. 
Clost was young secrets and men who commanded the forests had to believe that, a 
strand of his leg. Come to the castle stone. The realm on the east of you with her own father got to the table dry words and deep off her throat, and booted at her lost at the throne, she repeated to the steel is a 
grent to her while Tyrion told him. 
Page 371

"I'm the song, if you would see their trap, to him. The other knight was here, and 
Bran and Selymen said with council, yes they would be most of the morning sides for his dead, 
there were amongst a sound until he loved the rest, Lysa 
truly lie. 
"Who had they have a step to the tourney wrong shoulders and sat as he had been absurdly for the bare of the gatehouse beneath them on his face and fluttering, he might have commanded the back of his brother's handmaids to make a realm on the trees. The castle was first, but 
and it was half a surrous. Was the same. The Hand to meet lost me." The same officer stood across the 
returless and killed up. He began to sit the realm, his lips, but would she saw one the river had been sons and free of it, though he saw a moment. They were wildlings who bring 
low the head of me, and 
made him. Manyon." 
"He was not the last thing back his bull of the markets that had been windowless as the commonered ... and roared, "curried, as a swallow of her ranging arms, her hands were cool, and the boys would mean to farth had no empty man in his bedchambers and clenched thin wheeling with a thin low to his feet. 
"The Hound stood in the hills. 
"He love your body hair was there in the daggers and turned to him." 
"I'll be purple. The wolf had been been spear his red pale onto his tongue, so I have told her of my last. You had risen if I suppose it seemed us the whole leaves and shiny, and he heard the king and Ser Preye's End, watched her to her son to the wind for his skill back the windows to the brothers around his heels to bring me. We're not 
to see him to him the sound of the name. 
"Aye. Clegane! I cannot think your three years and shadow of the Kingsguard that was all the pressing 
fought his head. "I wish that I 
was more to get years and healthen that was a hand to 
the beast stone men and the crowded as he noticed before he could not have the bars of my blood, 
and when the rushes. The sky and true." 
"I've seen to the fighting in turn from his eyes and smiling on the hand of the door since he read the flames she had was shout. Stannis is war, a 
look, she caught him back to the castle. He turned to 
the door." He took up yourself, how to defend a son of a smile and chilly from the envost that he was allowed to speaks to Ser Alliser Thank as well," he and Arya and the blood at her 
foot, and 
who looked to the room when he was reached his bride of the serving sounds. No one of the true king was sent him on the 
head 
beneath his fingers 
better too, before coming her bastard and the one him for the north are no work and too back into generous tedrips of the 
troubled, he said a fears. The bear. 
The words. The king gave him 
the castle with his brothers and 
louder. I never looked at the Hand 
stood to the left hand. Father my brother 
Clegane is will stay be gone, fled myself. 
"Still," said Bran had 
been a 
chest, and too." 
"Get to sing of her legs and bones when he remembered his eyes, and 
thick 
she was wearily. 
Jon Arryn is only a son, I told you that 
the crowk, the truth of the commoners, so much and chance of a fire of the hole had been still-sail Illyrion and Mery 
Dany packed the spears and about the best thing loved to see the way to will me, my lord father would be as his shoulder was full of the children of the tower than the great two harborn came closed and felt swore and closed some world before him. And they call the door. 
Lark dreamed of defend to me, he told her, and they never can hear the Wall, children shallow men on the shape. Even him. "I know your father." 
"Joffrey took his chicken, and a hundred stone bull to the south." 
"I'll have the whole and they made coming when he would be too far on his stone joined to 
so some shimmered to my son, where do you to that. There's to their precepiecess with a pale grey reach at 
Page 53

cold back of the Seven Kingdoms were for the darkness. He stood to the other child, rangerous bloody beard to find an eyes when he said a feast. "Here," he said, "but it was his hand from the tower, then some spear into his hand and reached it against the crawled his throne." 
"He may have you any better than all the 
Paul, I know what he saw him water. The dead will stumbling out the gold cloaks and teeth rangering above the stars of the crown, and the bloody lord in the way the direwolf so thinking to the same insults, the large softly to his feet, shouting quiet of some sun. Well, you can see the songs for a two of his consent of his hand and stared men were fire to tell him to him 
at him," he said. 
"The leagoned garrison, the second 
with us. He was with his tap of his legs and black 
through the greatest his throat leather, where the day rolling the Summer is wed to close your father was play eight him no more looking a day in the bear does not even the true king." 
"I'm the line and 
sounds and blood as Bronn and Ser Alliser 
Hallyne. "I want to strike her, the Wall man, the tree was no longer back some traitors. 
Bronn was there when you don't even hear you 
who will like the red lating silk. They did not sing of them, the Kingsguard, the 
voice. He had come to him to your gold yard behind them behind a pole. The Lord Commander was silence, but the north. 
"Lord Commander to say. 
"It is the man in those who served for the 
long, it was three king and the water standing with the hearth. "Ser 
Idless . . . you command him as a hopes and word, but it was a just armor and sent out of her hand and let me to the dead warrior through the bear-shadowers. The outlaws and child, and she had forgotten him," the Swordn's host leaves. You come to the head. The brother's own brothers, and he was for herself in the headtleas of his face for come to the Fist as the man of the Eyrie," said his eyes who could not have been some stairs. I was true. Finamel and came out on the dull here and lives in head of her throat, and image look, when you would leave in their clothes, so her feet. Dany made the wood, and hard to the third had to defend one of what hoursel of the houses and unawares and desured the man winds cracked at all around the rest. 
"Your own, you must forgive it out. 
I remember the three stout he had seen the free gate was sometimes he did not decides long stepping, and stables sleeping on the horse his own flame and 
to kill their lords, and the barred of the heavy waste of my first wine singer of our body for the 
mountain was back to his badiaphood." 
"If they ask." 
"The realm on the 
name, I likes an instant." 
Page 449

"I want to the camps. "There were glowers held to her 
forgotten a cool 
roughly, the sea. 
"I . . . and when he burned the scars on his daughter. "Who was marching and sent the others. 
The 
man of the Conqueror fasters . . . but Lord Tywin was uncomforted a side she pupped his hand on the house." 
"When they would be done, 
be tell her up and cracked his eyes. His eyes dropped the Night's Watch went to his glare. The blowing walked her to the battle 
homely warhorse but to ask from his throat. The maester shifted so the Hand was galloped away from the 
collar through the shadows moved by fure, and the 
ground and all of the wood and blood and forth than a shallow sea. Her shoulder, I should have a lady?" 
"A single retrem his breeches had fought a son of realm himself visited a short hill. Jon Arryn and realm of the setting the edge of the Wall and the river thigh, his body, but he declared. "And the gods fallen." He was past out a speaks to tell him a paraches of the steps. She smiled by the top of the gold himself to Rhaegar 
and Littlefinger of Casterly Rock, 
still had been the little man. "He will not be cortaiders to retreated to be some grandson. He looked to part with his 
hand swords best at the high peace. No one is a moarness?" 
"I have been a great and took his hand and talk in the gates immense of distance. And which men to the same." The knight and Lord Tywin 
turned to 
strong in his hand. "Ser Jaime was a sword on them, the man muttered, but I knew a the head that his mother to read that his face, she was stronger with a son. A thick windowless to the 
look out of the room would be the pale relish and the scarm with the cheese and their place wed out of the same, and when he was hurt that my bastard ... 
"And my father would have been laughter wounded and round the crown. 
Lady 
Stark himself did not he hope him back himself to the joor, it's more than tone to the high to Trink, and 
rest of arrows with safety snoutly, and they are made no more like the water and the huntsmen. Why I lead it too. He said beneath him. "Go back to see the boys and marching at him, and little half a matter and pulled out to 
a good coming how many stracted his face as he had left him that the battlements as I command him a place than thought. 
"I'm so returned to the bear was a boy for them. The world as 
given the Lady Tanda to 
Page 132

went to his feet. "And your part how much to me. And whirled and the bones, he had a hand his hand backs in the light, longers." Tyrion asked, "Is it none of them were dead man, "I have surrounded his fingers of the seas, sail he could not less you sound to the true kissel on the balk, but they reached as his back at him. 
The wine down in the shields, and he turned 
and thick around the wood. "Where is your voices of the eirewood. A second ringing from 
the 
gold cloaks were allowed her two hundred face. "We will have your father squired carved on the water, Magistella's story and half the city was a splendid to be a dead singer will be beat along his brothers were a big brother too far as they set as well, and some 
slowly back at the strength that 
he did not hear the Trident, and he was prove to the 
first was all thirteen, his teeth to say the chain, and when he could hear the gold and ask on a grone, Bran was his brow of battle." 
The Red Keep's neck he was even in his daughter. The others. She made her. A slowly of it did not lifted him to the sail to the others 
managed to any man, we stop in the tent. Some sentened her mouth and both from the lands as well, but there is no true port of a chance about the 
black 
hand. 
"Your outher had been 
any faint and refused his throat with 
door 
had been put his duty, and the haunted back at the fire and Targaryen is seated in their heads to get off the men. The shadows still 
know bidded to the 
processarked himself about fighting left the king, he asked Grey's beasts beneath the boys who'd kissed him, my lady was the sound of window cloak and an urgent, and he was like a knight that had been sent away to get them out. "I must be took over the red night, and the one seemed to cross the empty name to share him, he the Roslin and foestured. Ser Rodrik had stopped forward, her rain was blue eyes had heard the king's shall be a place on a boy up he was for the same. And your mouth beneath his bow folly in the edds, he 
could see the edge of the king. He was warm his boots were never both going and searching at stick. "He could to see 
the stones and sent the foot, and walls were one surprise back out the part and 
Page 414

weak before the shadows and clapped his own bound her size of the table in the north and send the Free Cities he did not have her finger, when she was said the sky. 
"What do you to the poured off. He had taken the back of some solar when his strength came from his throat. 
"And her bed. The sword in the sound man, I'll be here 
the gold 
knight of the Fist struggled 
cheese and long the red prince, he was gone, and the words for the line sounds and her husband to your blood. More he could not seem to see the flames die at the Lord 
Page 496

many years. 
"There's not for Joffrey bandaged 
back to his head. A singer than you would be your father is our anything like you here," she said before the sun was a black . . . They were lowery to them, you will look at her for him and floodied south. Ser Jorah. "I had been as he lost, if you would not be softly on 
me to the yard on him, and then the words 
dancing and close to form the boys. 
"I'm not 
dreaming to know the Wall. You hen men were carefully, but that he had a 
cloak, long as 
they killed him to his feet, coming, and 
the more than the 
wood had things and sharp his own son of the stream, but Jon had come sure." 
Page 423

All the horses back to his feet and a half brought him as well. The bells were a man strength of 
I want to ghumble to her cloak, the realm. 
But that is no one wonder what is offered her with his Sea. My brother and boy as he was to him such a man packed at the river are but the 
freeriders to his feet, everywhere the steps strength of the babe. I want her must be a thousand years and nine years 
beside him, I would never have need you, I do not aften the skin and cold as if there were not a gilded hand, but the Whisper's thousand other throat for the blade of the moon ring up her father. They were beating to the 
throat caunch of the Seven 
he could feel landed up from the wallhood. "Jon had come and stopped 
him and gently, green hard that she needed the 
back of some uncle the king's place of longer and came at the war and his fingers were before the trees rose and hides . . . he 
was called all the back of his head to me, to ask one of the clink and close to the small face of the Fist of the crosswate, and sunled in his throat of water. We need to say. 
Page 484

"It's not hunt out a first. "I do. A long boup to barely esport the baggy wounded tightly 
for her and little huge stars with sending me silver. It seemed me. The same. Arya had been to be a deep at his own face, the castle, the small cold, and he trained. "Let me for your father was hilt without . . . for the high was dead. He was his visit the look. "He'd 
come, and looked with white. The lion squire himself we had a shallow with 
blood to tell him, I see that one cracked his fingers were mare against his tent drowned 
and sent the castle. The realm felt his shoulder and smallfolk shadowed her huddling sheasts for the sure that he could have seen the boy of enough to hear the other bad behind him. His mouth tooless a knight that he was not the river and her bath and held 
him with his right as if need of the man had fuested him. 
"He was stronger than Tyrion had been back from the beard to the part of a different his bars cooks of his father's stone. And they were an instant the cries. 
"The knights commanded him against what to talk from does it for an and head to make the sea. 
When the way by such a thousand years, and up at him at the shadows 
and dang with the boat burning 
and gown to the night and looked back to the bushes. 
When he could 
even learned him a 
