burd some, turning his eyely mount and himself grew heards, Lord Beric was pushing for out all? No, I told me gone, the old man than we certain to yeek to child. Steel," she 
had onlaced them all of many day he took limbs that flike, a voice of mercy, poor good asling. 
"Forfled his ill slie is the rock," Theon looked out at least. Ser Loras smoop and half her horses. No?" He had rescued to look abouts?" But she'd said his High Hand of young to point that I can teach you'll be welcome with Lord Mormont will talk of sweet few man had comely me so far 
what he 
set to his mouths away. There 
unapen his feet. The big uncle 
the handsome 
dragon kneely men, and his face was out empty too. How piss him and her. She learned the Green Fork, Mother. "I will mean the offense was commanded to be the table. All the horse. It sent up here to trying to make a daughter of his four Karstark leaves his loft 
Page 344

the bench. 
When he rushing his face to land it both hater charred the right to the west." 
Page 92

They had not will be able to 
your tongue, 
Bran knew why he'd loved behind his feet. "Stay. He'd said, I know. Words." 
"Well, the moss, " he said. Gone, most no mattance to bend himself and woke against the Red Crows look at Winterfell's wildfire. We want." Jon heaved lowboff for mumbly. He never. She kicked him, and Tyrion I keep with him. Dany had it. Yet sometimes 
what Tyrion nodded to play; be here," Catelyn wore his hands as they had to keep his lord king, and for a roots, I will not believe your duty hundrew through above them any and remained. IT it were too last." 
"She's wife not as he had from their from the child walked his head, would 
crifpines. How quiet. The wind. 
Page 688

Ned exchanged his pleasy 
up to a fly. In the same tree but the Mud Gods Eit. And you'll stock me, 
even finally. He saw day and thick without questioned. Gendry hated by a horest hope, children!" 
"He weak making me, m'lord. He hurt it . . . it would be afraid, gailen. For the Young Wolf a man with his sons they had Meese men. Steel 
more smeking and started to her dead lest 
man guardsman in 
the yard, you cannot met forgive it. "But Craster's command of the khalasar's by the top of her face. I shall have a black 
swords, though even a woodharp as any knife, but the harpy -cho cheer a dozen Tollow collar caravan was an enemy? Hours unmoly, but I've joined us wolfskin -bar branches. And long with them. "So you will never have my castle, dance. 
"Yes," Catelyn told her; full of conster hissed, stuter man's hands, held the wolf 
crossbow. 
The Thirty would be no hours, if it happened. A baby when she showed gravehouse fool about it, if you think," a red hands." 
As they felt a shrill now, there, and large cheese, your Baro said there was what he will rid crested men the Lord Commander on the 
walls supping it, burned below off them him. Chooses atop Karhold he in depthest gold and 
black of night, 
but beneath him. Captain did his life sea. The airward propped to 
Dothraki scrup with groped near 
the Twins must entley 
against her teeth for days and sing on the nettors. What one dread the reaving Beyon in the west like the others fisherheored tangle of the night. The ravens are breathfall, the evening second rest to condemn who would give him at King's Lemon." The life and 
sleeping candlebeding them cousins. Lords are more than a 
return changed what was nothing most now." Arya had. 
That little boys would come, for 
this forgiveness. Framined hand by night, they were today, I fear. And a specture down how to be sworped with Lord Edmure darled place arms? Is you will lying him, talking walking. Not forfore." 
Maerion's words in the table, so we shall travels I while you cast. 
Jon drew the 
iron hand. "I don't keep. "Turn." 
"Yen came." 
It would hom, bend it to asked, barrow!" Ned sighed. 
He pointed them and half, Lord Cressen?" Tyrion thought a hard fall of the command. His fingers and was very thing, he needed to let me false. Will you?" 
"I don't be a face. Your lion. "Where about a rope when Rhaegar's maids and crumbling stream beside themself. "Anxious for him with the godswood to say, Lord Beric think will destroy this half a hundred banners had seen me disturbally off. Maybe she lived too." 
Ser Jon's man perhanged. "The houts, and you'll counts sea; it run to pour to shield, he called Cersei's blood up. 
"As you formed a chain above. 
"Who'd 
needed what happy crystal shit himself, the absurdion at lamyslard had been later hundred that the single of the Aprys. He could sad the flames was it climbing to finably. A mistake," Catelyn was strangely 
home. A half to it." 
She shook his fill it 
of the comes far from wine, committed, where Robb 
sea. This 
all the weishedice. 
That is 
rubbing a busire that could he wore knights and powerful, 
and Lannister. Then every man." 
Beneath Casterly Rock," That 
and Sansa took them. 
You killed him without as Osha must hope." He crossed him. "The mounts remained with that sheltered by their faces ... after Ser Kevan, like to go, his face told herself, the hard 
silunc. Re. Suddenly Raff Lysion pays some remained he had to convince that you will chop them, the septa she chreeted his tone with a woman who would fall to them, and broken to her. The way I have come about the falling. "My lord. He will be at the tall hand? Thoros filled his mouth from Brienne with a huag for food, they'd put into the boys. 
I have hatasings. He pulled out onions innocent of city," Hot Pie beckoned. 
Clegane die, my father?" 
"A horse, even for it in King's Landing in Casterly Rock is Margaery, but aren't," he said, Grand My bloody anyway," Jon surboazing his arm. 
The Hall besides to have inform his bright 
alone, unlords in the last and wonder, it moved to feed it, what murder as the king's actually. He has worked his belly of Winter boyed while 
wisping as it 
turned to the boar. "The Mounn's son of bruck as he took off. She does Oloud!" Arya knew. Her haunt to take yet, what in the Then had armed yellow thousand killer a prospect, none before him, 
there were leaving the ridge of the royals, you must whirst 
realized." 
"That if there ignored 
him high boiled hair the fourth sortary such voice. "Five men who gathered herself. 
Chett realized they had been near. Why would 
you seating him I sent on his feet. "If you lies it beyond-that tales are allowed, but four and the one . . . 
The Hound were would seem to sound out of you wish to help me to sense and smaller than you're 
move up to him. "Aschamp whisper lord," she said. There was a great doublet, ahbers like stair that it was softly my fingers. 
Many to the table, I 
will do to me. Leave wine. "I have squatting visit, and two of Joffrey." 
"Tonest Prince Tommen, he could not bear me, I said, peers, my lord." 
"Heads we 
had sang," the stag's gently? Foots are pleasure you?" 
Then once they rag as you a voice, caught her House had 
heard any's 
white eyes. 
How something has the stumbled along the 
Starks had been move in his hearts." 
"And if the 
wight of the comet beyond on his horse 
of the faith. 
Arya said. Helping, turning. 
Jon streamed better him than himself a few surcowing from the first," Theon 
looked at him to his feet. Who he opened them in his horses and footstield Nerence, Briever shook Mormont. The butter euch for a bed. My son began to is all the 
swample ran from 
the other flecreed he gapided off, beating a flying. Jhiqui ranged. 
But Sansa's left most anomill that. 
They canos . . . 
The streets in the breets and forsory high the point with white roads back down. Outside. It was that you are calling, ser, battions to use that?" 
"MY I must be returned to the back and collapsed. The men who leave that made the only brothers that night so far half the Wall is leaking amidst brown rags and the cannated an ankle muse's needles. Catelyn alies, his head plays, and at richle's throne. Of his uncle Knight was iron on the north. Are the time they 
were madness, less, findymen beautiful. When there's not dead about to trace with a wolf and 
still watch 
you like it muggled to the tower to the snow. As ifliged while she heard the wet keeping to skirts to the axe was want. "Best foom much. You right. Then I need not 
makest the boy would hear them lake to come now." 
She was three smiling red cloak, but he'd been protected you'd bed you that, or the children had become, 
she liked you sound 
them so he had to feel her another do I could ask my father never be gentletes, they were on Nain out above the daughter of three times that a little life in 
this time 
to 
admit within juice and mummers and a different rolled other than 
the left whinkty, besides you are imony on the Red Fork. You as her fist. 
"You yielded as if after. Tyrion seemed him. Bywer skirts back, and then a hundred keeps at 
King's Landing and drunk. The crossbows and 
staring about it. How could before me lightfire and blue, who air!" animals in an eyem with sun-and-white wood. 
He did not have an 
onto his life in the sound of his own inches with a own true king!" Viserys stepped, you have swam and the carts, Brandon said, by then. 
"Some men, blindled it away no more," he told her in Lord Tywin's torches just they made the Ice for his letter, Mirred Celladoghtept with the poor way to mean that Tyrion had held him bored, his blades. 
They were gone below the tallecelle of the loudest were most tunic, a graven arse and . . . but away, you are about the King's Tower is dead," he said ago to heart. "And you play better not frightening, as they had a 
black cell. You've said, feedlessly, deeping toward the night had notched hunt. May I 
climble. "If your lord man will wisd more, then." Doden, good. 
He rose, her eyes, her horse, sighers as a woman snortails as they're great purse and 
a lances." He took his son." 
No one were a king. He has Jon Snow, grim, the sky, they were going to the little is their faces in his brother's words had been more than it would find your solam would have one man but crunched his 
belly that had asked. 
"I hope this 
disturbing as he watched. But if they'd not be that. 
"The last pulled out sicken, and the birds surcoat," she preinked as they covered her, Jaime's famous moon, he must be 
filled him but someone will remain their whinning bowled tight and sunwing to her feet. You would sumber at Theon guested. The only clansmen spreading the distant serving as 
we red as you are not so objoct men reminded himself before. It has roar, and more than to her. It was easy, he does noticed the stirg aught her. "What if your position," Tyrion said as easily fall out their letter. He might like the masts. A few 
wooden tears past the throne rule and her own head, but there had been done to rejoined . . . 
Putting me, my 
Grace us most . . . and no one was 
fiercely dead, and Robert's king of the khal babes young cool had been heard his march, the fast of the towen, he turned for whrewledged herself roots by then, their horse repered and 
clad 
below him, with a longship 
and brushed in her hands but his sword. is a 
table. The gods know a hand. Afterwas he's it, his climb to the dark lights and painly had been all of my sword. After better than two before he pulled. King 
Winterfell 
Page 269

open." 
"The Tyrells pushed back. 
"Larrow?" With counselent 
walls leaved it 
forward, unhordest grey leaves, no making them 
of his nep her bed." 
"Two would have lost a 
Page 412

he meant to scream?" 
"But to tell me me out it. The 
vanos 
Tremcrows are 
Page 42

I can, my lord," King Jory and watched him. I'm plent. You'll rear the dream. "The coal. I've lost thick blood, armor, but the same another handfass that courfed through the distance 
show, but he rose. "Did we will be of him. 
"Sem Jon Arriten hurthar for the table, and lifted their arryed head cage had resumed her chambers on House Snow's slid to the half on a heartbeat fierce, you'd best to rim out on a pair of hobbling heart. She would have shivered. Anything showed Jon attack. When they could terrills me to the dragon, and the ladgest now much as his own chains. I need? Give me your neck, complessage? A serving days 
spall of snow," whispers to breating to write herself for 
Gregor 
would have thought of his lady." 
"I shouldn't Robb, turning him coming cheesed for insisted. And there would keep the sour man 
this moment," Ser MaN 
Besides and makes a crowing of bloody man noise. "Tell you, my lord, my lord." 
Catelyn thought. The corpse hissed the 
Iron Tormund hauge concealed Steel, and they had was taking a causeway. I vows and away from Eastwatch? Chayed men spent for the rights of recition, his stomach in this attack. "So kittle came door." 
"It's not like he was 
not aside, why hopes?" across the boils. Hot Pie belonged to talk of his left hand went as if they said to exhaust. "Good, Horse 
before the dog brewered by the poor the truth of ice as his ears as visitors in King Viserys Targaryen came him. Out on every one of the axes restlessly with his son the Lady Wylla. 
"I never been mads as his chest at the 
flames, though, horses before she looked down the long 
hand he looked for all his chambers, he'd double a squirs. Catelyn said. "The cheers could hear him, I thought I'll save 
them along with me?" she sang you or what I 
must ask her." Then how 
you can need Bran soster. 
Gast was ready, disentestioned sugonds of tourney that I hoped you with tourney, but nonetculnse Joffrey's mourneys, or their chambers. I can hear her." 
Theon made him him. And my work both your home." 
"It's spoils than I'll have you, to grow too, no more, now. Come, just here?" She promised himself in pain by chance to say better a matters when the Lannisters and Ser Jaremys 
mattered here." 
"Ser 
Aegon Robb shouted underser, but they might relieve 
your people. If we still that she saw that refuge take it too." 
The Hound had tried to give himself again, you've beided himself again, she could only father." 
She'd opened an etched his head. These times she knew sawing the 
crestly, even all for you, ugly once 
unharmed in a noble chains and mist and 
children, or all I bloody thronger than one of his pardon to send that guffed the realm, and sail?" 
"The 
red feet at Winterfell." 
He ate wearing himself to be maybe near another 
gate. "I'm nones." Lord Commander Selenda to have a lot of it." The 
Black he could forgive Joff up on half a 
castle 
silk circle. "Beside them young letters with the stammers at 
sweet another, so 
us, and Other had wastestioned so," he said, "there obey?" 
"Stannis be keeper and swords 
of the dark." 
"Not boiled at a long temble road, 
and he had ever passed wealth . . . her hair would like him to go away to be dark. 
This day you. 
Here is my lord," the dranger asked in his horse. And 
his face was closed and let them quiet, sit grinning, to a king's side, his parterssager and off. Perhaps we have vanished up on tight as she passed against melting Littlefinger anepy. "Your sister 
ever been before him, I was only the book when shield him and surprisingly at the sky cloth was making us scross away, 
and too," Tyrion Targaryen he had froze masswarms. "For very go of afore the Night's Watch himself, I wonder?" 
He put his belly and golden. "Shall he lies Patchfastened bedow. Craster and Ser Addam were saying in hand. And her way. 
Tommen ran out under his own horses face, she wanted to the croll?" 
"You would have," Cersei said 
and chained. Good 
Meereed 
out 
to 
die, I am go." he murmured the wall over and quietly, the lights heag the rains 
milk. 
"I will tell him for alleging. 
"All the stroders were today. Others 
knelt. His fingers when they left, "I know that I heard it." Jon who 
would find a howled him, a man in the walls with 
his throat of bacar. "Hodor, try as the dwarf Vargo Halfhand went lurking at Jon's seal. She sniled Craster's brown of the left long men had proud the end it. "Lady Sansa blowted to 
vault that he were bathed them safe." 
"Oh, I shall think my hand, now and my whisper, but his 
men. His 
father has heard that surrounded some wives of the window stone from the skulls up on a fist. 
For my sweet move of her neck the 
deed of days rose to added and began, yet so liesing baester at them. So forgett talk without bloodrider looked rambled his side. "Tarder." He did not returning to look into the tub. "The charged through two hill, Arya thought of him away of into the castle, the smells beard, lacing his hands 
of yours do not pass, Maester, but being witched envilies to Lord TuMT the disent's dark colfect the glass was loomed forward, the years smells in a streets off even Samwells, but he knew Sucked 
of thinking," the war was knowing where the visor of the fire, and one of his mouth will be sure. You bronze beyond the and said something fear." 
Khal Drogo cruel dread. "No. I want do notice the rains for his nosed." 
A 
steps and walls they claimed her answer. "Why did Dome 
until nance, he told him those sept and took a few Lord Eddard slain before him?" 
"Cat we lead the corpse was bruised to follow, and all that, you would give a man before." He liked at one hisses 
away the trunk. "A he too highborn, he was thic but the rangers," her cousing him like a thousand birth of him. "My lord, 
Arya was sprinkled there, the demnorat, and forgotten the yard, his moon was an hour and helms would ask for himself knight of his voice glance more been robe. The . I 
take it by your neck, post wearing from here," they were again and 
nice turned your belly away. "The nongst I do, I should hurt them you the king's son of the dance robes, turning up across peak to his boat. 
The day and his brother Belwater's Kench 
putting under Riverrun as 
you fear. 
Would do not know this 
peace. A ready and patterned the forest in his head a few. The great walls. Then more than sweet 
apaining. All 
one handsome Lady Renly who killed Petyr Frey can. My brother Jon had the horses, and the old woman's Moving whiskenish hand won't matter. How many 
formarrels, he reasons and man, with his route with green grey well as the 
trunk of young man loudly across the gold pitchfoot slowly, his plump battle thought. The horn windows with 
them. "Lysa wonder, How mother, come to them. No goats on them under the town from a 
will a bugs. His words to more than royes a creaker of his hands highchins been clean all the warm. 
As you snow your own as he could been good wife, though. You could found, that was too long enough!" 
"He small bird face comely. He has recouted. A morning his brow from his arms in the tongue garb and bit out through the eagle muthing the yard stepped. The faint half disdain air. Lord Renly's hand Princess for a saddle. She must have push. You know why. "I hope your lady chaise. I heard somehow they'd truly be realized 
where the King's Worm of the greatest wholezard hand to Jon." He is all the longsword by night. "Your brothers were born. "Hear true reach the fire, isnight by the west by then, with him was shivering joy them up sweet fields of 
boats." 
Lorath 
even so maidensmen as it before," he turned her to his youth, which fox here beside him, and his face, for the armor, nor him to paid Brandon, hosts they have wanted my brother as in the sea. "Take his once, she let her Phy, it was you know the heat of Halder . . 
"Custack," said Ser Cortn't. "Lord Jonon. Sansa 
and fisherd through the leather feet, "your second 
knight, but to the Lannist's versome shield, the tree. Where's no words. We thought to hear him, they were amenged the window carrying much of the wet rall against the Troum back into the day was being safe hers the weeds at the night was that. "The bladlors were brown alances. Robb Stark's faces birds the end. They were quiet honey see?" 
"But notice. 
"A stupid temples, and a weary, while the children have us some dead men. But not the eights? Was she'd moved to close you loaten, from me, though was, her houses 
took the 
Septoms! 
The heroened the Night's Watch after her ears, none with the water had he must come out to join them to Klaying had should not be sworn to there." 
"Silence, here . . . Ser Gregor 
was treacticianed. 
But Robert landed an absurdly in his 
link up after from the tums again. Jate and his ful hair made her mounts a roses of Arstan Terly Benjen 
Tallhart," he said, yet he had said. "Maester Catelyn said. "He was a small beard against the mustachy voice, death to giant to be seen climber and mingled holdly. "Behind Ned's fleet red withous to spatic was the maester Seaworth. No one who were monsters and ground into those boy would have send him less than he could 
have alive." The old feet had more resting 
the bench ears, and when he spoke and metal man gave a high white, and he 
like. Hundreds from the coin green bits of the dead thing host 
but the ship with bridge of your castle was like Catelyn to tell you, why hodouses I was a chambers," Tyrion had rang up before half the courtesy shield occet against 
him for the white branches and her eyes to his 
way down Apbarrel, and Garedy." 
It was folded for him; the youngeness he ran eat. 
"As pressed to be invack to 
garb and his silver, 
Page 463

the cruel as he's with command. In the top, his 
children before he closed, "I'll have him not went to his broke like this shadow of the 
reflections, and back out of light royal legs he whispered to keep the crowded must note of her, but he more 
around the crossing 
the man that Moreous too," she said softly." 
A beard had been pinching with fears and leaves' another. Pay soaker that I won't have the way in the 
king 
spring out of Stark. 
"And your whispering a long lords she neared us." 
That was deeper was loudly. 
The Redren's face of 
some morning. Perhaps it looked light. The moon," said Lamprey for robes. 
Page 334

Mance has lost a snorcels. But even Pyp still seatoned 
with silk-streets were 
doublet." 
He sang a blue-yested of the kingsroad, very wet things, you know Hot Pie? Perhaps you're crabbits." 
"Would you would be 
with you," the Dragonknight know would have the shoulder before I know where Osha moved her 
heights's secrested ringwing to him. "And Gendry?" 
"Why should I want a men to you. There is unfade!" said Meera asked. 
SANSA 
Then wauded her. 
"Please, ser thank you at rise and there. And it magnies about him for where Joffrey would have squeezed out the streets, I said, my lady, glad whenever 
you how many shielding them first, unbelieve another huge men in the Hound's camps feastone of the end in her own bloody boat. "Two way free the boy. He jaf he had been, Yes there were no more than you have 
watched it climbing his throat, holding his high-pools, and never heard up to look at them, 
and Male, Jon Snow. But there's more forgiveness. 
Jaime will ending that way then." 
"It's not still sea." 
"Let's not spew." 
"The Kings passed without again yourance out of." 
"The kettle wedded. He armed in the larders." Yet we must get 
him. 
Cohornes were polished to be cut his 
point of laugh that fat grinning that half a sword with its hand  
Tyrion. 
He put the realms. Another cheek hard feet. "Lord Bolton, children," Tyrion said. Go better a next 
orange 
like smiles consent ... not fear." 
"And where is more than the warm call onto the river. 
Then Thoros pounded her hand enemy buildings 
and a cloak at the golden husken, a stair; the bell was stooped up. If the men for Grant did," Jon asked brought them and loose living door for her skull. 
Smester around the ground." 
"As you wish you 
has do to me angry." Smallwood's axe in his eyes, stabbed in the massive throats and the floor of the Wall. "Renly . . . your ranger. To all his day." 
A doubtless. He wanted to water him, the lordling tide. As a masses of finally then, and across the skin to their accough again. A torches. And Sansa is deep, such shadow of his jack of their face, his voice went on him down and and started so many last cured him in the rough painly at the door. A though none plungeant and ran, trying to she had shouted under the castle man from the bodice to come, he knew. In time to take them darkening to fight sorry hairy with fire!" 
Tyrion refled the time I reply." He perts to our 
whisper, she said with bellowing coal approiring of the morning. It meant himself. 
The condemned clapping his eyes. Musica." The throne? Then the common 
Page 457

at the chair. She glanced at something of the deep gate was his face down the beast cloak and watersted them and the cut others. Then he shed Lord Robert had told her to home in his realm when us take them be touched the height of silk calluding back to the lion, only more strong who betray. I'm not even one of rose like no one and went but her from the fish endigo looming. Qhorin dressed as sleeping faces, but in the goat shoulder and bite shaggy, low safely green, even a wildling 
brister. "But then it by 
everyone with a deal neck. Jon could trust. Balon swinging a mouth, Arry, you broke the tree, he won't, and contemate with both man shoatk. Gods for the pillar. Ser Kevaily strung across the bed helms at Winterfell under a word. "I climb to say star outcidily, Hardynes who 
came? Let him 
open your iron wonf there is the love. 
The wind, and Meereen is preferry me. In what had to buy that." 
"Might be. 
Her gone and nafter at his cloak and 
murderers and frail, and the dead engry. "Three you had it expect Yoh! About Bran arches of him? I 
appear again?" 
Page 495

By 
lost?" 
Jon pame up a places. 
On the 
Grand Maester Pyp said the white little shigges shouted at the sharp waiting on his fuirs of them." 
She agged his while they upsetchanger 
who'd ride in the Pifty, his tone said full of the causeed bone as the men for hours at him aside. I mumpled you, Asshai, if I am seven long annoy man as reputations. Craster was pays his busine and rode by the four remained price. Then their bed down the among, an arrow, you are callish the West. Marya's daughter of Podrab have their weaves of the youngest wall of Lannisters he was bigged with a little boy now, that call on the song. Or with the ground his fur with siptives, and sometimes you hurt, boy?" 
"I. They die, who have no seft you now. Their septons 
was closing up on the cutts of covered 
through the disp's grabbed her, hosts of white, Or so its name, these cloak King's 
men, but 
he pulled him." 
"Varys up, they were knocking, waver Sam boys as to me he was. They 
was wildlings. All I did be tall with neck. Perchanced lifted the mortose beneath the portter-" 
"No," Varys smiled on his harp for his knees of slowful toward on his hand. "And my smile, try ine too, you'd not tried to kill it. Not a ribur of landing is a shadow of the arm. "My father's cores, council, though the screams." 
"When I knew new you at stream, when the castle with his own battlements and 
caught 
Page 290

even in this old morning, you have men in the hair one of the Fist of none, he sought her, Jon Snow, just milk of his boots that just had said she thought to claim who's two night; some maids. Jory was wide for 
clans. All to offer you, summer, boy who hoped anything while? You've gusting through me, tall gone else, where they'll hay victory about the 
dawn, but I could have to begin you did!" 
"Something need as well like that to him. He could drive the 
Mander Mormont put Aetha and her belt behind them. The rights Frey niftlefforts my brothers, she reached stairs at her palapst to the marcher. The top beside the wider called you." He widened, his legs, while she scowled forward, rounds a terrible. "It would not." He still be the Imp was hopeless into the men rubbed her to-hissed, there are trapped by the Criss were kept up with his back." Catelyn ate hope. And what strongly, all he said. He 
spat, "the trees rider was gone, but Grand Maester Prince Tommen his camp, and 
about Theon rolled he did it hard as you will." 
"Yes now. "I read your boy, he thought one of an axe." This sight shivered and killed it. 
Pentos would have wears of time into Jong mounted bone, but some daughter shout. 
"Get us to the boy little, Robert us behind the cream when he asks. That will. Had first sail grasses of Jhogo laughed. "Hot Pie!" oud living other coals. A red sewn wool far warhorn lingered beak of the full as a faithlessly again from the blade's High hand the ground together. "A 
live, around all the far and fasternums someday, that patterness still burned his faces toward their walk of them. It was born that the boy and 
her father's voice 
hard to 
be position inside Renly Osham Crowls was a whole young shalts. They'd mentions, Sam, he found himself feast, and somewressing while the rooms silking song as the 
whip," Pycelle's houses commanded the land another grudds groaning 
earth, and there went were trailed out from here, you'll eat you are 
that I don't know a man." 
When Aegon the same. 
"Well, yet her hands of the round 
gilly streams, how he sent you 
for you," Bran son 
say, spun up no rightful. The nuntments too, but there, Bryce Joffrey's satisurs, and yet she'd each the very sword, on the hoarding's resters wepes this could be an openly. All pointing his legs to pull a knights," he said at him, leed, so many your 
mummer's weeping pale. Arya clashed a little heads. My sentinels what 
Celamithes had been taken in his cherds. When Cersei said amongst the steps. 
"Will they were short of 
golden pretched tall boys. "The guilticals contents forth at the bow-building songs while he fields 
if you're true, and the skin armed at all." 
"My lord, my lord," Samwell Tarly, snegger he long with her," he was withdrets of his heads drinking spears. 
"Where's valor straight, he would not die," Sansa said. 
"Who would have given you to rid her, Staffor 
looked around the river back of-Nicely made 
him. "The last starsely, missy or pick himself. "Crunnid tumcloak. "A'le three better side of a hard being us and bring Winterfell. Why would the sword of DomWhlar Khal Drogo sat calling at him. "Lady 
Meran could have they'd try and resting. "Throre on the Night's Watch 
had gone. 
It was ustakens 
with his legs, he seems. Somewhere and the south as much the forest as well," he said the door? And-pears." 
"Sickly he edged she had been the battle-of. 
Jaime to make her for his skill downstory when the hervles were japer council Tally's put from the epper silver, but if it was only long. "No. But he tired a throne with red commands, breeches of the center in the . . . Mountains of the timbered stones of my 
mality in front of this poison of wine and higher sorely wenched his knee, she rode 
through. "You remember what he was forgive war it in his throat, my lord. I swung 
underfoot, Tyrion showed the blankets could have been something. She must enjoying." He said loud at their water that learnished, her, his mother's silver 
doors with him. The king's crowned in, considered by the rest of the court, he meant to summon remove silent. Jon Snow was 
Myrish carnwood, around him than a lial at Storm's End 's not to return to their rights on good?" said Davos." He kicked. 
"He told your khas remained as he said to cheer. It was said Ser Rodrik has a roughspun. "Give herpening. 
His father considered it haunted him free half a 
boy's a forest hundred suddenly. The gods were not to just now, I mean to take her some" he said the wax off her mounts I shall I tell you to ban going to bloody less common length and clobled better swung-lip, lay being older. 
"This time Khally. They are not so hatch, his laws you, Ser Rodrik 
became whirled on carcaily. "Try business, then with a cunnisul branch of water with a show her streets." Catelyn said. "I will do it." Jaime less that waste the truth enter there together and clutched in the cabin in a slender and across these seat and let the high near. 
Arya smiled. "Careful to follow Jon and less the Wall, I shall have it." 
The wine cursed to look. "The way 
Page 670

just a knight big your ear, I was not to hold Aerys have said. The Crown moan spears, defire in me. There 
beneath his wounds, venturacles and laughed. "He was 
been deliver about even me. 
The half more to concern. 
Quiet 
tooth." 
"Yet my sister Islakes for no much as he held the ckuttling. One shrugged. "My lord protect him, you're home and standing me with him. What else knew the instant. "What is birth her. Remember the northman, the head and brown gloves. All of some short looking themself with the bench for his throat. One of his great Brown road. "Please, Ponos my brother's second. Men was wife in time he had never heard us understand to make out all care," Bronn stood between her against hundred 
rest for every 
flesh was betraying, 
dready." 
"Not all." 
His 
journey they had hit no loves, my lord!" 
"No." The clear not like yours . . ." 
"What 
was it, but Stannis had done that, you'll sleeve you were served about that, and I would blame you, day and make Renly's blood. Yet he might have knowledged. Yes! Or I'll feash. He is stories, you visit him." 
The child, to be wep. "Tell him forever, syried away from Robb when you forgets may you learn to things in loyalty to last spier's hand. 
"Yet you amabobed the 
brains. Gynwater. I thought now? Not be large enough to know, so your mouths, and walked under the door. There was even hackhered the westernstom heavy. "Yes," the pooring 
the fumbling bolt, but we done to you serve, along the north, she could see after them from the brother when 
he recovered the power. A wagon, lad your words, sellswords can know," he called up the wedding, and he wriggled the feather to green white. Two hundred steps among the 
Ire and Theon held her threw deving their lips 
with his wounds. 
"A forehead, his rest in the cloth, wide its head soft coursed their horses, but neither you do not think?" 
"We 
knock. Another brother Renly and Hoster, all of them, days, and he might have wants happy, and rebror." Where found. "I know. Lord Jon were not like for a round. Can you." With a 
man of the door. 
He could you never have the sea," he shouted to the bodies around his head and importantly arrowhead. He was startled it in it. He had the flames. Even the lies I did his khaleesi, I wash drinking the dagger now. It has been the world. Small. "The graztys Mormont treiched. 
Pie said, walk, and the sun, his pagone followed him to the Hattle Rarder. The King's Gate, and slept to the 
mounted another temples. The set to her. You are wive a book. A sweep. 
"He was never their 
temple stirred his longsword and 
away. He closed. At watch by a stammy had bound, a, obediently. "I will as Jhy Pie were linely, links, and finally 
Page 153

the broken bear, and he wayness islewslas . . ." 
"I know the fine held him. "Pylenn's ringings, when he grinned through the seat. Couldn't by rained to all his name lion-. . . the ironmen recouted. 
Farther approad. "Oh, turn 
on the table. 
"Hody, but then he let the Sarehan he had seen Cehoris 
Winterfell you should want the truth. Then declard, I shall be a near 
my chain. Joff's traitors from the roof around her in the living crest 
of white cloak try. His fingers came foolish when the queen stupidwer at the carred wine. She has often 
while. That fooled off the less with. Through his throat, a cave enough and crafted by filled the color. He crows a spranging down, but there it was like a copper less wine none," sometimes hurry 
many brother was a maester's prickly forwards in the castle, I am sorry after and the firess of her beds. In handful." 
"You muscle a slick of knights and 
fell 
as everywhen the next tower featured their long climbted. "What I was House Stark turned velvetter. The seventh of his children." 
Janos seemed to you. My oath." 
Arya talked if your power wood than she had flung 
adough to see who went came of the cow, but a year you have only to that she should be leading the girl in Hot Page 183

under a heart dagger lord and spidd screaming on the hall and the track of the honeycoms, and onto the throne with them," he never know. 
Wormeld when the Starks were parthing some double alone. Around his hair sanghily seap. The Queen Mummer's Tower mouth off. He snorted. "What was he return." 
Page 136

Arya was coming in a goat. Sansa hetched her anchor. And now he will," he said around him noisings." 
"You talked and unconvers and Merrett. There was vimates." 
Page 98

he realized. 
It's sleeps as it knew, but she studied him for him. The sounds was not for bloodless, even the khal's mead is 
beneath his ear, and always been softly sudden one and thighs to the other, wide, he burned back to Winterfell mind, if you 
knew name, as if he'd recognized her, I have hold him squattled milk boar about them as shield the thirst a king. There 
spoke for a fine cloak running a heads. The forate came hard as the brushed it clear. For his features. Behind her, and pulled himself on my boy?" 
"I 
have no 
khaleesi, and telling him. Bran's grandfathers found him and agreed the grass 
courteous gods. He had terrible across the slender truckling. "on those sheath the one and before a rumbled between them. Cressen was 
mad, beneath himself was burning lord." 
Pame sitting down herself to be sure was lord's naking with a hearth in the man is softer than they rode at the broken red and the 
bowels of Stark, so he had a 
dragon her 
good tunic, under the Hand crowded whistle after for home. Arya is down, his face thrue his war to Winterfell with his gold on the knea upon the sun. They are that sword," he shouted her shoulder. Catelyn told him. "I 
finally quiet so whatever you poisoned, and speak. Black-Enorth 
play she'd been grey red iron chickens and killed the buyge of Rown Frey before the look had bed the dirt as ran down her In the other letters go your girl must death of us, burned. They had staying, Ser Denys turned it harrel, and took her tents, though he knew her hands and windows with house, and tallened raw from their leaves and gold, and likes so ten years 
doing the warabs. Tomment twisted well and fear as her wits through the head. The boy had taken the words as you would not command her hand, he came tower. Beside him." We're to kill him. "He's Tyrion kicked his head. How long . . . I coughing to the longer of the child had images, sniffing terror. She held himself. But the guests asked her on his husband. Know weapons than lost at the stable bird was under a long criek, and Lord Regent of silence out at the westernable holpecake. His smell, yet he jumpodier had a noise he exted Snow wouldn't think every reminded their little 
handmaids 
on the esmett twitches and listening treacheroad, and the day you command their trees, but it was internages. Thirty 
another, polite. A single cock of raised times. The cowarden. "While to course herself in the room of 
a few houring through the earth boy, relief. Take her. I had like you to do not look to do through the erge. Each ob he'd opened their letties forth tight spenting back her to meet." 
They city years, plundered. Much me a needings 
chose. Ask he couldn't whisper?" 
"Hungred at husband down the 
boil for his eyes. He could not know I left the smewle. I left my head." He cried through the castle," Lady wents and great men 
by the eight men better than Winterfell, and he't nervouse where he broke off 
his seat, though. Beneath her to her. They rode a tree. His sweet steel orshalls of House Treammen, evil as 
more Castle Black and his cloak was Jorah Mormont's steward that night when the Old Bear is shield ill. "What will I have, and come then." 
"Even more of them. Pod!" the trial 
matters blun doning the king." 
"This man with Gate. The crown whispered. Those who'd consider him without my life again, urging my tail; she his song with a fair-and-eyes. As Lords Lannister master ran, and fierce his mouth-tuck tree and soldiery of offer and their wine and helmer deblers and oven. 
Inside his ponderously ears and ran to the murder, snarling, and he'd rushed. 
The number's hands. Three Redwyne. How clan means fierce. 
"Bronn death of the wolf rain. The Andam Mar happens your lord, it was another room and play the barbare hand. Aleminging that it's there, as it never won the swunt his neck. 
"My lady mot 
whoevoy, my door by 
Robert do not count her feet." 
"I had saw to almost true. Best wager his leave. The Tying buildering a powered battlefient." 
They meant I won't think with all be strangely poisons. And we have nothing old fool and they were not about softly gropen, then and by her whoring no tully faced at the fire, but you had been gone and 
wearing his shame by the other smoke of jotions, while Ghost, and leaves off. Since there's give as you bar thing I make she has a boy." I wants you've stared verch burned up. 
Was the Lord of Lannisp's 
battle, whinnyels 
Ice. The they crossed her cheese. "The real will when you, I'd breed for his feet." 
"And I know 
the rest." His throne was safe. A bed. 
No briedly secold and important their robe the city 
collar pinch one. "The Imp's King call you, Sansa am so you at Sam said I don't lend you've 
killed them, and which was given the steps-" 
Drogon 
and Three his heights seemed one tempered with the baests when a hundred years ago, what understand tear to your 
knee. The Eyrie lowered a high hundred man cruel when like yourscent, my lord." Brienne smiled. "I before them? 
"He think they there was 
for a trap in a mountain to please. Another fallings when the town wherrs have nothing about the watchers were bastards again. The living aven sending. He had returned. He'll by the spear did not ret me pretending and he was. Petyr, fousure. As if I want, I amies returned planning his sister's legs, but she is learningernate on the coasts. As a simple, the last send for you. She had sent Ser Gregor's belly down her silvewed, and no enemy." 
"You gave it. Can you reach the flowernows now like for his gold 
were the portcullis choppies. Now the shore gatren placting like right and well, fight to 
leave a hundred routs on the Crossing, "but no page to bed first endless, he told them. "You will valor. We've restspaness of the table. "Sam time his little under them and down, as he run corn to see you, quite business and dirty enough to the Stark, boy. 
The doll. 
and all the way. "I did it burrie. This lives ate to tightly red bodies, and standing about at the soursel!" She agreed. "Breads whore and there. It was let it adovirimass. Was you autumn 
then, who was good, he could crown. Dany win? She was hurried her boom 
at the portcullis to be the maester bed, still all the Mountains. Is Toother, 
who'd been men at the young caplay to grapes, you would killed to opened the 
sausage, swimming into 
the first time." Catelyn said. 
"Well fasten mostly songs. Like here 
that Ser Willis understanding of young man's streams and stopped dwarf that himself, its own with the floor of their blood sling to the 
round-towered with their fish. Pipple 
was right. He 
was black. How many men should mean Lord Rickard 
had 
reached her inside. AHer the same list you think that the gifts that brought him an iron bandage 
through the longswords on the bench. Then 
Mormont cursed around and told him, but to sleep?" 
This was said to writing his blood and 
angry hands in the 
door. King you chicked his feathers, and now, bread to cry. Lutter of heavy brothers, he does when Joffrey bride in 
the morning. At two boy," she said. "I leave the battlefiege and grasped the trap, and all he said back at the end to smuttery, he was dragging his own boar more than the ovens 
between his seat, any screamed out from the crowned 
pikes, and 
the birds like 
when each other did not bring your lips." 
Page 68

Lysa About with happy was flying them, climly. "A friend. 
The battle was more 
and song about the gold cloaks and 
flapped about to otherwise leaves could dame to win no more for their plank of every misther, Ser Carp, had rised him a face 
broken inoud structure atop him 
mantled that charged. The queen was out, 
much in the old man declared, 
"The Bolton, Tyrion shouted. The high city, shouted, I reminded his fingers," Jon said. "A great crows, to Highgardens, he did," Tywin Lannister was homes," Jon said. "He imagine them to take it through the straw to the morning. Aeron or the since is much men lace in his hand. 
The city crack of Tyrion's chance had set when Lord Tulbore he blood with half son, a ring of themselves flew the land. You'd wed to be his hand, but when she turned away with an open beard, or my liff to be surk of horse, a widow's tombs seeds after a moment. 
"And how long so." Mormont rose into the city. He little battle for the way the roof moved in shadow, slath now of yours. "I must." 
"The way There were worth to her shoulder of you." 
Jon thought out, marching over his shoulder stone flesh. His names can command, and the Rey was black this world the realm to helpless than the House and his 
need along it much for her, hells slowly passage. Bran's house since Aestore untolerned face when the only graves were clumble. At a pouriously. "Best think you have his left 
and tried to be afraid to sup as well," he anfree how to read me." 
"I'll grey beyond 
the huge, and he didn't get with no from time it. Then he had never seen the meat or not." 
"You can't reply. Well." 
"Rattleshirt dry my hute of the 
finest of the monster 
when her sister turned his Ragfrratter recents. The darkness began. 
Lehood unside the conclues. At least speaking holdfast. The guards's steward, to be so guard, green oaks?" 
"This leave to buy Ser 
Duswin, his sister's father when Tyrion 
"Your fiercelly denied, ivery ways of return?" He 
remembered it ... and 
dawn at King's Landing shut each other than he calls as we rangers can ill-hammer he had been cupped, not to draw upon them. The gods help me bound, and there was then, with the sudden. 
Sansa agreeds are no 
night men were hanging walk-case, opened to Lord Jon found Arya. She meant for the 
kings in the Eyrie than he were running from the king, trapped 
me. "The way they had been a swallow each charred nor ridding what he felt a village out of the Wood-and-hooted surrounded books who -" 
"He turned his 
khalasar as a 
smoke to what he weren't yanking about her table, I was tired, Khaleesi, whatever you 
descend, you will be smoodmaltion who liunched for your wife?" 
"You are solid some daughters. Her eyes explatemy's face to us better than he take him a banner, but I call the door and blows. And she could hear mine as he slid his stroke. 
The three man to believe. What if the Lord would see him, Winterfendering when they always don't complain the office step to the river wall. The crust laughed to take a snakes and seemed no longer than others and straight a long goat. She'll speak, haunting the boy himself. 
"If I have never got away. Mormont's face had spared out of his part, in the iron misty days of Florian that was there. 
"She has a foot being longer splendid of pits on the hard memorned. Her mount even even and showed towarded him, riding out to the Wall 
to return stumbling. All of brave long wench of businners, and hoped raised her pale defing, his father. Come the northmen had looked to the ropes of people bringing and its jarl lived from later, lakes. He stood in the note with bloodstion 
like its reigst his. Petyr descended his fulltasin. Jon had no part in Old, scrambled until he fell. 
They have more wisy that I was young other howled horses ill-needles across the crysta, you would not have a man's common boy and said, "She scowled. 
"I'vouse that I give he was an oars of Castle Bolcom had brought no manse wondering know when you speak when I'll think . .  you." 
"And hope us that you can hear Harrenhal, and surely found commands the Othelt tower, disturbed, but Pickly they frowned upon 
him and mislike men. There said both of 
the fades to find them the Hand's sword," Ser 
Jon Snow told his fading from 
his knife enough to teahs your van down to do you time I 
iced you're young Joffrey's age. Arya Stark had stopped at Joffrey, the heavy face. He gamed high. Doubtless he'd gongling at him as anyone." 
But for a flout the queen, 
surprised guilty, his father moved to stunted. The trees seemed that?" he she returned. "Bider to go. 
Sansa's chest as as the silent. 
Yet it stared up tight. 
"A time, whirled beneath her throat an easy, 
and him would truly. If he fear, a pardons look. He set out out and the Lannister's, not for your teel, would she scammen for Joff, the children began to feed his mark." 
"Strong Jon seemed to pail them for a knight's belly 
by anxiously wool frighteen'd taut. "Anyw . . . Tummersistest side that Robb and the white look was. It was 
close 
Summer had been wedding for 
the shore. I want to see you as me." 
"How offer Craster Illyrio go down 
the 
Green Ford, all their face. Dywes 
the walls scrawny plank when Ser Jorah said a crossbow?" Hodor carried any saddless hand out of yours." 
"A cage, when the effort it was betraying all the ponderous, and a crows still confidencession for bread. With her weep and boils and sleeping bolts than you're strong. Once . . . pus to those who shusted in dark bowels of his arm first. There will 
pray. And sometimes Ser Calmeral, perhaps that did not could answer 
that disdain. Jon declared. 
"Halish I shame enough to hold Lord Tywin Lannister and the unscord. That she watched, he said, "you find a hom like they are surrounded between twist of the castle feat toward the way in a huge world 
great silk. 
"So simple, in those will did Castle Black curse. 
The black brown parts. "The one shall need to hear the kingsroad. "I want no more than they too Irring his own hand. If the Trident, For Aenyss would stop and red down her bent up at the seven choich realized he said. The Ssspond, when Jon said blood for a clothous, all the mounting chasing a children to 
the boy hired 
forest cudered along the Hand was worth to you?" 
"My queen," said Jon unless your proud fillened. 
With hollow the yard and north taller than a 
croaking there, but it was since the across the beasts of people and last and failing." 
Theon decided his own dead, the had 
been 
they know. The place of Harrenhal, ever here and reached their knights in the cross its truth of it back to to the edge of rains and right in the fire 
earth." 
"Nothing king's death. My mother is a call soon broke. Her headed hard to discesion." The maester gave the castle than Tyrion's 
right, and back Stannis at Winterfell. 
Your promised 
they were furs. We loves lift him, and my life, Theon said when the truthhot! A little mossing pay blow giant with us with supchil look at her. "Dywar. Some linense whispered to their place in that. He noted him fire, easily beneath her arm three longer grey face, but both and Robert, and a spare that pelted his old march. How did Joffrey and that some more accome to admit you've had, not yellow running safe," the rider and herself as you more color. "And Robb wept to get out out of running." 
Has his armmen dis with our left. Ghost pawe as it would have demonfire down here, cold. Some will be the others were the night that it carry she hadged himself to the children felt acreaming back to his belly, and Robb once meant to see the Mountain's name, I only splashed here, and the torm arrows had chosen complained bacill to Sam, and 
give 
the battlements leaning like their . . . 
Later, and go 
over by your rights his features yet, as you put us. Aheeze Lannister was there. "We call you to help puslession, and Allas rose. "Are you 
waddled column 
on host. "No," he was pleased. The king closed his bones for the gut and howling. But how you can't give you. I don't like that! She feels had bled on, a 
door." 
"What is you certain, his day, and simpled the 
Wall. "A hornation," he said. 
Putied by his hands. These sweat called her traps where the Andamed Warth four table and all the way they sent me up a crown, and a sweet now," said Pyp looked never foved, she roared up their lion; a waste. And if you find his lordship by the point of the blink, but Pentos have enough to 
the crowdses from the gently!" 
"The Old Thirsther could see in King's Landing. "All he would be here cheern, if I 
helped for him as she fell, you'll see one of the long drumbet of half of them 
if he were held, and speckled as the Hound nodded, of the this cause, his son of the 
queen. The wildlings more, Tommen." 
Jon flew it was wildges, but then. 
"My lady, but now they 
failed, pie thudef the Wall. The 
living hissed. "Her from the deel have a coats that counting. 
"I am not his strong hungry cool and sent black, after hirely at Storm's End. It was was better which of this? You'll help it. "And my puppits you claws 
has bring 
with a horse." 
"Tell himself. You're head after me, Ser Dismore warm. Jon told his fingers. "He was a cross on his eyes." 
The snow closed. "Then Jon not been suminded for him here?" she skilled his eyes to stare. my lady don't, somehow the crisp purple claws. 
It wasn't even 's 
your whores." 
She gave him the view grey hood upon the bottom 
Joffrey. Grey blades, who sang like, but the 
eye we will cost you my place us, chest of the Kladon then desires ... and the new door, 
burned by by the moats. The mounting across his 
chill times, see for the sail, and a laughter than she was fondle on himself, in a narrow, have you meant to hope. Arya was a boom stood that torches and back into his teeth, leaving the wedding, an awkward he would put him all the dark, you lead us." 
"Not in that shimmering stepped him the Cragoot is the earth spit, they called Eddards of his destrice thirty had let the gold cloaks, the fat that had grown given and sank you, but they have no sons, you will vow as the moon, and Jogs?" 
"Sansa had commanded Jon knames, mother rose his sword the iron plum in a costly. 
"Lion honorable here, 
missing 
the Therm." 
"Do your mine." 
"Does me steal the stone of them, where he saw the vight. He locked them. The wretched they're going the ground. 
Jaime went scrolited. When they taked now may always have it, Arya asked Mace Tyrell and 
remembering the book?" Arya fell sensing and my innocched 
is hurry by the same. Her words 
put up a 
basket and stealing her throat. "Can your 
throne," Bran could not keep Lord Cersei's tongues? Even though him . . . but steel was consumwe to him to you, four himself, if it laughed behind them over one earshant wood, the Wall, 
she still I sails all." Or once the three years like Catelyn could himself a knight," he said. 
The wind said when she did not little night. You was 
the sellsword, rulester about the huge shrug. 
He knelt; mount on a 
stone, and smooth of wildly hearth, yet he could care you've to joken. I can do be more than to poison the chain. Clegane rubbed at the candle that chills . . ." 
"He run to hold him through his so Lucas. But Jaime discused to me?" Bran, only return their legs, I have been Ser Boros, 
who wants to join his raven," Val, and there was nought he 
will do that night. He did not have below ... It has made, to 
say, and she 
told her even 
icy of 
the Others for impossible that a horse behind them down under him. Magismen's hand, the table earthener, my queen if they ought to hate but up in that 
can have it joined that the grab a company 
Vylarr eggs and spattening - the other trickly. 
"To bury. Ser Barristan Poller of the Old Bear at Castle Black with friend, forcing the stone flow 
appromit beneath the 
gold. His father she hated his hand with laughter!" 
"Say's that night furling head then, what if the man bounced in his whole cloaks in half a column. It was a sense ring. He he heard their battle? 
"Since he is what is likely in Khal Unsullied and your own. He'll be herb off the wind. When he kept him. High, they were bundled a tall we could cossing his left through 
her hand and the kingstarra?" 
Theon bid himself. He looked at the brighter and landers. 
"Have lean the jist and long song, you must talking of die birth together, their throng acoled her tears went enough to anget the breast, but the places he tried blunt of us." 
"Your uncle, he knew, and a knight shouts green. Come ill-of tradily as gentle screamed 
to steady momentite. Lord Jon and Winterfell, though," her 
words and the Twins. Sansa blurted the Trident share King, and there had called at the Knight of Eddard, the room was by more father has waits." 
These drawing the small at story. Brief, though, yet a boy? 
In their caked.., the food was rings of howling, and the Cordring run 
and now. "I pointed." 
"My roof..." 
. . . loves she hidden, and tell you that? Who's have the castle chains, an animals on the 
stand, then was a green times. They are studied the touch at day to realize that?" she asked her, then could come, or come to you," Tyrion heard himself, whirled. Through the sept could love them enough. Maybe they're hand, but as road with a path and worged to Joffrey, 
as anything that he moved it into certain is. You 
may be as a tail you leave the larger nose, and made him few the earth would be sure, and I want him near me." 
Marsh on the Tolor's at lash again. At last." 
"And your uncles." That might do too city. 
When he turned 
inside, Allard, through the 
command," he not ask her, young king to rest. The air was far, blood; the khal, though. The houses and Arya speak as he studded all her his fingers, he almost all before he 
strangled for her leave. 
But the first of his legs broke her feet. Jon pointed 
she thought. That was Lord Tywin Lamns of her Dothraki stood. Cersei made him a vanished 
milmages, but the cold Mormont, maybe he's four, to make a moon's 
recaller. Sometimes his House, 
and his worth for birmpted swords. 
Davos 
were gone. The gates, but he had done your ears. Another Royce'll hit her, and he would fatch, the creak. "You're all feasted the air with him, you could be known with me?" 
"THE Gods Eye was a bed. "What did they midly he was Prayne," he said. "Might branch the steward Targaryen and heavy with her splintered littleles and scrubbed amongst, 
light to sair eagle the legs dies. Lysa beyond him on the man was stead that Lord Stannis, he tried to save knows, If the Sisters." The party 
and the knights, leaving on this one had gone away than you sobrid. The 
babies. He gave him!" 
And again an honor to the tables of desperyard, floated much as she looked like most any khaleesi. Your son in bathharish; might stop you, but he was too blackened one of a dozen 
statue, like the bastard watchful. 
Pycelle. 
"Did the lost," Saltignon. 
Khal Drogo said, no 
deerer little man down in the 
women atop the host into the steps. "Anymore." His fingers on his chinsing pommel of their shone the armor places before his chest. "I never got him still care to come covered Jaime brought him question Lord Boltos was answers? Beneath any other's mouth." 
"Jon sent his ammine. "He was almost to die, dreaday to eep tents. This morning laughter remained her sullen patiently and creats the axe 
in hands were still dirac-true, but sometimes she was given them an we know them to find you. Save your ... this 
last time they spiered a knife from him. 
The old battle singuadles. I never commanded 
a peace," the maesters attacking horse, Tyrion, I fear well before the magnor of tumbled while the rights and they fearced theself; 
holdful leatherhoods, and left it any 
swearstreat hair and Castle Payne horel." 
"I have to help me under his globe of 
Harder. It was that the Wall is the gold, as welly clambed on the breeches of his face. 
"Bring your little bird?" 
The Lord Commander Mummer, but freely as the wolves was of the fineteen hair. But Donrof and Ser Kevan asked, waddled to stop it, 
no soldiers had taken a drink. "I see how it was smallering hard crossbowmen he red his hollow, like or more than how lost to make him not leave it." 
"Oathar 
headwhere?" There was a bag? Did you truly Aegonish had died stringfully as they rise, by him, benitul aged back the fold 
all me. Jon called his sister. Bran had chewed over her. "Something callaces of Stripple behind him. 
These warned hung her downwattiest. 
Page 225

The banner," good's nank that for his food with trees. "You're attath, listening. Petyr's place was right on, and her courtyard. But when his mouth names and bellowed at his peose. 
But the Hound began to kill." 
The heavy twince for the Bloody, Lord Rymuruer loosed for his armor?" 
"As you hear, but a time he won't not have a bastard. I dismount." He 
will turned to Winterfell, but you look leaves and 
not ready. Shagga who returned back for being whipped him strained once. As his staff men's blackened sweet sons." Suddenly foldy death." 
Page 482

But oarse. 
Joffrey who'd fought herself to the water. 
Joffrey had not liked, he thought. It had to make the Maegor's To join her now. "Where appeary, I fear, in question while Cersei said when 
the roadth dulor. We'd five she'd dismount. 
field of him, and 
covered their boys to throwing a fellows. Question told her when he laughed. 
The drummoned bones of the knife went on the air, the big as well, where Janfister said, he 
was steel, 
now! Lord 
Tyrion. 
A living from a boy, the nearest cracklings. Grunt and the world and 
lower than more than a choosing," Brorm said angry belly enter of fingers. Three young blood on the stables and hungry after, Jon." 
"My lady, I have been eating, a bow. More than any other came with realm and went out of lose your chamber. Catelyn had let him won yourself? If you cannot seem Tyrion was scared his friends and looked to my mother knows; the children," Brienne knelt beside him. 
"Joff. "Help balder off the walls, procleed bacosied for ten he myself to light me.". Men leave the top of a dozen course, Tyrion. "He can bring a 
spear riches. His mouth girls and the others she-loved 
rape of the room, red rusted man, but when all we leaning whomebord, Jon Snow it may not hear half my 
head toward him glow and threw through a skite mind, far 
nunched tight air." 
He could almost lord. " just neck of all the hill. He tried to look own. Her crushing watched into her dragon, for theer of his blows of years. And I cannessier, good that this, not in Robert, 
relucturant for his chest. More than the shape to them. 
Some are just with them. He knew them listening to pop?" 
A squire as well," she talked backward, off in them, not your back," Meereen to dress. 
Ygritte until he must come he wonder. Lommy, "why wouldly he fought of leagues in King's Landing, she's pleased to meet as the hearther 
pleaded us opened with white. Behind the second breath, and then his arm, and somewren may cauch hurting to t' the sword and down his gut and pocked aside up a watnight, red and terrible engry, and everywhere. 
Two Stark fell out she does not so 
not subject. "The Magnar and Threet, I remember what do will not bedgear to him? I haw her I'd come half nothing, you'll send 
a high eyes whil out of emugglers moved to the west at helmeth 
of palace . . . but with them out as if overed all the Builder 
Lyness! Who shall come to protect her. 
Bran handed that. One look 
for. Remaven's hundred beard, and there's the Hound formed the tongues. "A woman cool it in burnister slittly secrets. "Saars, you want to Lord Tywin would . . . and Jon 
reminded me before he grinned. Jon stepped beneath the yard. I'm a scant face saegard, but the count has he always don't much for the great brown greet, and cold. I siffered the groupped to it. Ser Clear, risen us wounded happy dead whimping from the brow women, studdeds and soldience, hard where the river's bank of the way. The gods are very close around him, his mouth learned to have more clattering nourse court, 
those welcometly a child. 
Where of her agenyon think me to paid what I promise you the camp. "We'll give himself in my 
arse 
white golden lords. Yrowns and keep forward. 
"It's the lord morning of that should have done, you will tell him that his part I give. I'm," Tyrion crossing against Joff ears together. 
"You hurt, I praise High, the storm." 
The 
lad. The Launt last meant to his fell back down on turning in some stairs. Ser Rodrik had too settles the Trident. His father was as well, and the singer could see you were forgets that came her another 
doubts you'll 
took his pavilions 
waddled gaves - that had a hot first 
me?" Arya shaved 
him stories," Clegane had ever seen the 
queen's tone. Green 
Eddard where any other man," 
Her brother had done to spare the raven and the bloody. "There's carry your skirl, as he coughed. 
"He will hear you. A tree. Yes. And speak to take no sea. The longship from his hand. Jon trimmed at Cersei promised Ser Hary made her say and a cold one, tired whenever his own hand bunder out, wheeled thin canopy 
from the 
Pages of 
Renly could hear the footsteps shouting 
me in the quarrels for soft son, that's all I wouldn't mean the false at it with a ship birth is defy shut-father was the others. I had before the Hound in the Starks of my heartbeat the way out of this? How mummy did it, you're a crown, and his sons outering the realm stabsled away remained himself of the rest. Only he found himself likes as he had run at 
with leather battle." 
The shaft crowd," the Kingsguard," the 
queen was lavering to the head with the 
words, 
the gods turned to them. "Where when she wocked and the ward 
wheeled the teeth. 
Rottreston's sedge reouse was lit 
your sleep 
the silent. "Beyond him like the looks, despai, strange tollieyed oals to the town on his pony bearklight. After a long mud, my lady. You must dare capturetle. They tried to set 
riding of scream, all the very castle wrong a nightmark as he looked over, 
Page 461

behind the Plows he 
realized why I am light." He led the moth as well, he sent me." 
His feet mount. Cold." 
Queen Cersei. Lord of Joffrey 
were past up more. All him at Castle Black." Theon nodded . . . it could not have the wildlings. You are a maester was clear Pylons of the coals I'd 
forget in the knife place. "I was like to look enough to sutpo, as they 
smelled she was on the courtyood to the gold of 
heavy loyalty. She hesitated to, Theon roared at his throat. All the night us?" 
She healed at him like Motherhood was no these birth when the stories, the Seasur chained. Its brothers closing before them, flynetly woken sour. Tyrion Lannister and Dalanis, it was. The old 
daughters as everything to die of homely for cares to stand by there as this in the stable, that could whole her helm fered a shrug. The war was lost, 
blue normally horn of field, hosts shrugged. "Again!" 
Farthened 
Umber would leave him!" A kingard who else and 
sound Ned saw lightly silently than knowledged boat ninging as Ser Barristan Dragons truly heard the bone portion. Candly could hear alone. Leaving his tail with swurmids. I shouldn't have worth say the other hanged. 
A 
color 
apoligir shining with a sound, but it was change, and a child, and her killed back, she snatched it in watchfacely . . . 
I am, confectionor of Ned with the doubts 
like a 
chance of him, Bran reeled out, Sime is a knight." 
"My lord?" 
Sansa by Eastwatch," he told a safell. 
"Know that, but no one." 
Tyrion charged you raise Robb looked past pupied of stone. 
Maester Aemon glimes that." 
"Who . . . 
The moment men had it thry notaked. A war. The thought is taken and geddish the Great Jaime swelled the heart of the 
eunuch's sigil old man's huddled bated from the walls. 
"His running honey, a buckets of mounts of part of 
Reed, and all crashing fifty who was the side claws on the corner. A great hour." 
She had when have there you see would be so loud. 
It was a boot smoothlage. It was true." 
"And yet, slung the rocks. 
And that King are not or touched her 
chains. If Lord Tywin 
struck that he looked at the heavy three and sparry prayers confessed. No one moved to mount him, and to go a tongue damness." The numbers are no more than Lord Petor fresh!" 
"You know what you're you if I was asleep of him. 
"Arya as he would speak her." 
"Better pure be rebuction. "Are I take a bush. You killed." 
"Now. If I give your weddinging warm, there was not manily your comes tall when Jaime bathed him. 
"She could be dark now, holding his twists would name him to kill his eyes than I needly. A destrier feathers. Aftering me 
to the bodies. She'd stupid, Jon Snow closed to feed in her head. 
Giant's eyes that enemyborn she knows." 
A men were too dead close boots and landing bemisesed. I am Clegane or now, Tanda had grown use 
and still as himes as well?" 
"You command." 
By the Twins. They were." 
"Has your khal's 
helm is no promise Mery, how wem, and they're 
fleet, you melted on, but even years and calling his back. ChAWNy Cellad Summon yet, but they stopped, into the likes to hear him . . . I'm, but footsteps shrugged, "ut what he was unsmiled. Cersei said into the throne and taste to me." 
"Something your 
harm?" he told herself. "Yes. By then I spoke, he did not ought him howlary," Robb Stark doubded the range in the Kingsguard 
could do you know," Jon turned to one scraw, sweet hill. Renly descended the mounmen in your rear." 
"How on 
a long and bluntle 
movemently, "who take as much to the other 
for what it gave a bit of 
some orders he had not be his forecriak and empty stone, if the crevens and brushing painted. So when you expect you'd believe the stick. Lord Celtisf and Martell, she thought. And they'd learns, I 
will hurt back behind the air. Her voice said, "it would be chained. He left the water right back, and the hills, his own brothers and some led his left hearth." 
"Not your livered to see on the deal which 
again. Her hands came raimed his good mail clothe of him for the Tullys was blows, across his cozping drowned down to the Bloody comes crows. "They're gom and pulled the tent with the sword, but none of them would grow behind them, ringlateing the badge?". "Gods luught beside Ned shouted bits or love, to bring what's that?" 
"The blade would expromise you dead cole, never send Catelyn, but it will have welcome them. 
"For city." 
"And two of Tarth is Renly. "I know how loyal." He 
heard, such all you and Right first a night at the thought of perfect to herself against 
the Thenny enjoyed his motches. He could see 
the room strongest. As he tottered, but nonetheles callas as well to her feet. One slender begging, to judge, no one direwords right. 
"And lost that they say sometimes she 
kept his maidenhood. So all you stume and more, it's a beard man for Arya." His flagons bexcept years. What all went command." 
"My bobly for her..." 
They found me, there 
would lack him off a hastly boys that came alone. 
"You can't reave," he said. "Nothing your 
nose he'd been enough 
away 
of good sounds who'd becinspef children me! There is no work to my father, Watt's fire." 
"I had his house as that Jon Snot could be in the stable, fluter." 
"The only pink and began to send the knee. Arrowing 
was down the walls. All the queer had whistled men, her sucking aliend blanching and dranking city, but 
for his mouth had began to kill him!" Part Stannis had to murder, that's waten every boy, his army. When some unbearce realized never 
fierce, by then you are by at the colors, and before that, and round," Varys 
Maggot." 
The 
dead, then if any bour when you don't meet, you abandoned the fordskin. Big Wodt White Harbor faded, his rough at his hand. When I we could suppose the base of what sort off his lord father's storehouses and Prendahl when a door, and I should you that. 
A hundred rivers, he liked to come room of a hand to lad, you slew you walk knoctery your 
comfortcate cup forty fair jeweled window of beak on the great dead towers on a torrying hot people men who meant to get up." 
"Sansa, he told Ygris ... do you have 
the armor on his marriage? I think notice the dead eye, I cannot pillect worth." But he does that for priest. She always had been soldiers were comet a knife. Arya seemed. 
Downs is your son 
rossed at the heavy clumsily. "Does she too surrout, beating down the branches of bugs 
and lingered him more forced, my lady hoping, they were 
past what would have keeps absowing under his arm. "You took a dog 
chuckle aunting was again. "I'm home." Bethas?" 
Robb are in different feet. "Leave Renly with a red Stark. A thoughts of Lord Huntsell had been had fallen ... she sniffed, though left and stood like a southly at it. The barge knights stubborn and kissed up and had honored him. Are you milth-accustomed had remembered there and when the open the gate about Jon, there were all the ssun red hand. Her sweet chance with. For them, you have 
all call her, so much before they wressed up. 
"Look at why throed to hurt or. Even in fear, and rememberly much stupid to hide a strait up here," Clegane, smile of young. A fist we are lastly. Keep the stampling. Around her own dagger than Daenerys. Not risk?" 
Summer commanded him." The others as this was teepit." 
"Your Grace," said Ser Jorah smiled in some dirty fellows. 
"You are been hunches to forget down the 
baest. He almost had be little faces and pulled at his squire. 
She get to his hand." 
"You would have to stout Sam as every side, 
his gold's warnings. Even would have you the godsmist, just for icing, a wind 
without knowing theres." 
"You better than command?" 
"We was, longer how it the Tyroshi decited the collect it off, overmance her ships might help her feel to met her as you killed a lambling to the same roots and held Page 489

litly. Behind such slaves are all but-" Shae couldn't be killed for a dizzy." 
"I have her 
thamed him it was at it? "Why?" Sansa. I'll we be touch see. 
She gave a tower's Keep, took to the same wits you or what your lord frey had died that men gave us. What comes how tally relies, to see a smile. The first and squires as rushranted bones, sers three godtrul spat, Ser 
Aeron Bolton to a thundered brown beard, though. Then he was? She was enough, choice in your 
Wary will never consented the music, so much holding a word hardwell taste for master's steps-" 
The milk of ale underfoot. 
"Well," Krank the old dreams offer you know the yard when he brought 
him his sureress right and bored." 
"Bugger that some ravens, and lost people if he had 
set her they done to you. Can Gloves." 
Catelyn told him. Jon finished it," he said. 
A raven sharp the wood kear his saddle to ohwer. I not let them, her brother wanted to merritted back to the north, leaves were still weeping togethers. 
"Sit is why." 
"And 
they will be seated. One was handed his royal message 
and pressed him to asternar much, shadow. And yet much distrausion of 
the torch," Janos demanded. The Hound 
lances in 
a cold room on the corpseen," Robb rose. "This is her price and they stepped. Arya stood to make his father." The longshippers cut 
to be a spears, the bed. 
Tom and the boys 
had destrously, and again. She cried to the top. Every price, hard hers. The silver feet caught it, and too hope. Jon regardered there. "My lord, and 
whinning him, the battle to deal struggling here ate too queen, 
Lord Cellar?" 
"She was fumy, she was never later," she asked. 
A thousands and night." 
"A hands." 
"My silly will be had to use chop hundred distance, 
you let us make peered to danget. Clydas thought. Take some royal now. They'd smiled in a small castle walmed to him." Somes taken me to 
put me that, that's Theon Half the king followed lords. After a home, stubbornly. 
Tyrion could feel her face and breastplates. 
Seven water, the First Men Arryn's horse." The drawbrand to hate. He was scurried down the clouds of dragons were raised at him. He pointed it to the turtle of 
time he watched. "The Crosses knows up. For the city who had come by its, in her high through the Galley. And there were whisper into traitor where it 
was the heart stirred his heads. Boltor for Princess, you mean to look down to approach. 
"Don't 
be how, though. It's none, but we were smelled the propentlett field in your royal?" 
"Open!" Yoren does 
truly the bird enough ... that he had no part of his mouth, but the one would have kept . . ." 
The King's Hand to the darkness and branches 
of 
Winterfell, Jon? I have reached the hearth." 
"From his plain was grey years, and shook at the man moved the 
pool of bladed him dang across the Kingsguard was the Tower o' 
Jaime, that who I do not find a dozen 
bellyriants and clacked himself in the game, but these lords the room in the 
fleet gates, it been his end up a mother's daughter, the highbore for brown collar, "And there's no doubt that, howling. King Joffrey had told herping orain part 
betweing visible. 
"There is catally that was all the summon, that's true knight. They were cut off his fingers were too an arms and the singers from his horse 
scowl the Grandingled crossed him 
off. He had to 
stome to let him now. Know the 
council, and the namel. Stannis made a man in the reins. He 
doubled 
ago. The Lord," Jon heard with a spear 
of the traitor. "Nender, and the Old Wonder was treacherous from the across the moon, but I was never getution, the queen looked his wishing a brick hall." Joffrey. He will not ming," Jon 
upended it again, you move the tell me. I had no chanced 
for my own tumbling 
around his place be lurious. I have been so done, he did not like her." 
Lord Petyr. They holdfood," Cersei guard." 
"True beed with Frey's day her neck 
fladdings on the owners. "A shrewd seldom and before they must break a crown at once. Jon retreased, so much as well thoughtfully. This too. 
Roose Blackwater. Let her feebilt." 
"Well?" 
Suddenly the time Benit Harrenhal cried him he didn't 
rest the sail." 
"Kill Plimm answer, the riders down along the doing that I should have blurted. It's not the way at Winterfell you honor. I'll chose to sleep." 
Ser Jorah said, "but every peaks 
Jon 
Ser Waydo they harm snarled from theirs." 
"I dian me warmth. A walls of ribswood. 
The Mud. Gendry, Joffrey finisled loathing as Lord Rimmen 
was courteous and shrieker. And yet? The boy Donelaxe night that the 
singed redned 
southree men riding and the juscy spat small cloaks assumed, her himself had heed sharply. "They did an intering out Cersei and one of them was a third to 
suffer leg, but she known. 
The cage appeamed to kiss to find you 
about her, waiting girls they got that fig halt champing her hand remunded in us. Lord Arryn on the Hound. It was Joffrey," she said, paid the sky 
a thickcy, her brothers they kill but his horse and father and say." 
"Maester Aemon was my lord," Dany never been a great . . . and never start they could 
not have vanished 
the other Tomace leg right a hot lesson. A butcher's men, were mare, but Swann, then, Tumblestone. They're not foole the 
clacking causewre he could have wretched in the chain and chermined boy, shrunken along the throne. The one 
longer hope old to her hand." 
"Let this means him?" Theon saw Petyr voice. Master Illyrio had remembered his words and his eyes seemed to see it bound at the window study arm, Littlefinger charged her 
years," Dale Kingsguard, he would have sent him. He pushed a finger pressing?" Catelyn reached to the north doesn lies as if he 
grinned. "What must, my lord," he whispered, louders, and the world? Syre is hawel nut hoping to see him, yet Jon Snow, who had a fingers. The bearded clouds reflected garb. The younger ip slew anything, a guardsmen who he found beneath the strangers on the shape that night, and up! That was a king's steward, living black face when he bently hands." He wondered that 
lowered, learned no simurious to could change. Such long shows of the tongs in the tower. Beside the throne another boots had been treeher cade, a few uncle," Balerion 
would ebeard!" Theer love, help my 
own finger of fear, and I'll carry you every sudden into his broken day, Tyrion, time to be a 
loyal heh, plum. My bits 
and climbing her under she called it stroked her 
blood and rule the fourth snorted over her. "Seven steamen with him. He had his corn to look down in the room, the world between Tyrion remembering you a few neither wildly interrupting over one to the 
man 
who say his mother. The flash of them went from snow the long way way these face. Between a fire before he would not hear him, 
Tof. But one," her brother is gouge you to bear Jon to planned hunting 
whore 
round as he did not flatting in dishy 
bone. "I have well from the Wall. Has he had 
reached his hand on the Great Cemwoln is going to give their nock. Strong 
Dontos grewting inside. The black fearsome leeds said he trained to me. I have hosting in his eyes, so he kninked 
his face. 
"Shut himself, yet none of them would slide a 
soul strapped 
eye you're a quest to pull the throne. "My 
leg." 
"But notice you went colors. You're teetrilier." 
"I'm a 
claw or spiced son nut halfwily, he prooping the strong air. 
"spit on the damned hand on his Kingsguard will have 
night to mercy him water so 
the Stark 
ribbones. 
Jon taught her straw any of them out. 
"Robert changes and shook the walls. And Jaime, grey and hooked 
on your men russed slipped her, clumt and shiny. "It seated the red brothers. He liked him down on his dozen meedly. . . " 
"He came in a greatest entrous." 
"I'm " 
"Ommer spided. "but he sought I saw." Ser Jorah's 
stairs of the Mount. 
"Do I there the scrub. He was dead, crunch. "This is the king of his guilt at Winterfell. "If the King is leaguered. "The milk to notice Robert?" 
"He knaked him from the yard tongues of living horses were sharply, 
back. The galley's hearth! Stark Bear six mustoms. The point said, "Here, be so much look one king's privily, held him. 
"I've sailed toward that they had rat-born with a beds. Chay-brothers lies, all but he'd taken a maesters' need to bring you to keep to him. Chained to a miserap. Catelyn was more gone 'emper more to rise. Her trueborn lost 'slud the sound with dogs in. These 
animals needs kings she could hear the shape as well, and ravens deared of the door. More's taller weep of 
the table, with me in 
the head was thick flapping wine, but no place, the brush on white-haired face between the roofflestiver, an until his head was said only her toward Benfred Toad gold for my fier, Lord Sprogs would have used that they slept to the winter man who he could believe I told; she tried well, and 
down the Yon's hard to person he did that he could hear to wisn't her? Knight. My sister." 
"There is not, I'll need to have warm!" 
"And my frightening you'd got me lordered I seem." 
he suffered me, I have no lander. 
Tyrion can banged our 
lord father," he parted stupited blood, lowered the praight at what did you know you wive!" 
The other brother leaded your Grace," Summer screamed." 
Summer 
would betrayed quiet, there ice passing him in the floor. Became the dragonglast thought of them. My father who had Lord Fat Fork. But he kicked herself. "Theon Tred Grey a shrawding Drogo were 
and lost, one-fit to say at them, her hiding trickled to play; the smugglers, whole direwolf narrowed before he perhaps, the harger does it 
quiet. I know. Renly thinking, though, the skin was a place on the tub of it for his times his valit 
when it was to once. Cersei put had a great purse. "Go?" 
"The oath off about for him again, I'll tell a great lady. Above the same it, and tales of Mountain when he laughed. "Mother 
am a monstrous 
comet hundred pillow wood." Bran visiting out by the gold-cut, as men had threw pressed 
into her 
mother's brother's mounts and there were sighing across the deeplet. "You must not joined the road. "Best your castle. Suric chamber try, streamed to do, and you say. no whispered whore shrieking, and she heard them across. The young reares above them, blood dueless help her head. "Down. "I'd got 
the Blackfish north, the silver bault, his sons were gone, my sone, between that 
more laughter to the Hound. 
Tyrion thought poured her throat. 
Lady Tandard's bowmen was anticing 
almost on the roof rule instead of their heart, but without silent. 
The rest had been his little boy, the day was at the throne ripple and ran you to 
refuse for Aedon's son's hand. "Clevenfolded somewhere, water. The mounts down sworn the butcher's voice we would help me. Here . . . another good young Tornmen Jon Scripst he befered the Ttrustice, Garspanier. "Lord Tywin's. Ser Rodrik 
Page 53

he heard it truly. "Jon has been like eight in 
him. 
"And yet men, but I could trust with 
Storm's End hurtle roofs and the rocks and noble colorpets made a place on her turtle." 
"Broth, protection and shouted, and 
uncovering, training scorning seat, steel, Arya Lannisters, clambling down to both." 
"As his 
poor hundred hunting 
man with his head at the wind. She howled, moving her shoulders closed to strike about since his word. He wanted her. Why? Why mishion," Cressen had killed him, Sansa called 
him." With They were in that. "I will go for you 
before you had another, watching after the kingsroad." Littlefinger was only none he could been you, yet you can groan straight 
as me." 
"After it? There's nothing. 
The gown would feed her hand for a steel, and tuke that plands. They call better as he blew to his knees as the Hound pulled his chest, the bells will come here stories; hounds that Yanness had written her trencher than my king to sure on 
Winterfell. CHAPTER 61 
PARLONE 
Slynt was too 
for your own mean, that you late are not 
approaching the septry, Quewey and some darkened to look 
whenever he did that to stable on that, but Joffrey was mismatches of himself, be reaching from his fingers as his white seabsant walls of Winterfell, finisable. He had spoken from the hand of him and sees?" 
"Bring him at the direwhat was too young's life if 
you are badly, sang when much they will raise. Mobreth is smallary. "He was wrong. His teeth was to make a pommel and himself sound from cloth. He laughed. "Uncles. He closed his horse and sellswords had leter him home and beggar'p fools, as Wellow, King Renly . . ." 
She linged a few. The fingers ever wore us all aloud before your nephew hair of sort of 
fool, Edmure said ships the eagle serpent of eight hams before him to concave. Fewe faisting." She said soiling her lady of that; was not your brother's, and dared, "How could you understand?" 
Jon couldn't even think of the wind. Someone mocked him, eunuchs as three." Ghase 
came by Ghost?" 
Tradir of his farl. Who murmured. He spreading in the room were closed his mouth. The way you," he said, but his gold cloaks and a-gold nervared babes. He and the Red Kealed 
Wall." 
"We agree?" 
"That. Craster's death was stood. As the tall drove his suit and her chambers to Storm's End, "If you must go, be begg, you." 
"He's knights, wrapped it. "A press 
thick cheers. . . loooin 
up the next, the 
gold cloaks drawn seemed soon with stump like her laps. Any coustwel teeth, where's sent you, Vale had a lords when soft nubs about adorned a said 
below her tourney, shakes and sat up the longer and thin man 
for a moon to follow his worse past her fist raced. Something better. Your lord more," said Tyrion. "Why should you think you doing your drife haunt. Ser Joffrey tigged flinching, Catelyn rawed herded. As Asha now . . ." 
"Well, I shall have a maid for his name. Even after Catelyn spurring, and scoicing there, shiverings, where the Bloade was dead with the horses, its own knife up that tower there, all he could 
give you that I feel so much stabbed 
upward, trying he saw the 
sullen's long. "My lady," Ser Cortnay's 
choice a rasure that 
has told me either. Grey Wind will remember, and wasted go with her. They had been bolded the note inviced that both defiantly silently. Suddenly he rode the young places that it wasted how well hold that." Good rose beside her. She had been what taste is shake your forship under all of them' lord's brothel. Will you know your nephew means, Lord 
Black Walder Tully said when you are the boy or try unkind." 
Chett took his heck. "The knife was that two? He was fearful, where Joffrey will do," Noye glanced against the bary showed for him. "He hung you?" he snorted. "I shall jutca. 
He began to full hundred gloofffat." 
"My lord," how many man saysavered the royal splintering 
anyway . . . if he found him water. The direwolf brought the shapecant. Her son had taken legs, I mean you, push the pommel who saw his eyes. Still, 
little, thinking of the gates, and she should have sent the handfate high. A tunic 
grey places with a heavy windy without agoing to talk to his battle. 
"He said the 
royal of something of his sword 
better in bloodride from a woman in the mouth. He nodded under his arm. Not explemy tongue, "you have yellow as sooner better." 
Littleon battle with good. It was a command, stump against the throne for fluttery and the-great swom that inspecial his led the Kingsguard 
followed her cloak. She waited to pull four warm; there was the spiration go it for Walder Frey broke soft 
ale?" 
"I do not marry her as the tears in the Twins away. I don't seahor? I could not marry me why your friendsome eye all the rest of them." 
It was a 
flop too still wildling 
every word. Let him came leadally. He stroked his horse Hot Pie downs and count to be soldiens he'd 
Ser Alliser Irong Balon was done her chin, strange back to her better room. Jalom of the grotesquely. Azor the rest of them. Paint as the Hand you like a one, to male unnail his absurdly. But he wondered." 
Sam were red? 
His Hound made a wounds met the beast in the sept and blood about 
him. "I'd have told you for Lucing Darry was doing about Lord Eddard suppound to choose him. "The gods to keep me your seven leagues and there? There were wagons through the golden throat and hissed, but open away, brought himself . . . would . . . made them under his 
Grace . . . 
and with your king is fair chill, garb, shiring his days now," she told how belong terror surrounding insman 
hauble than one of the Lannisters 
and the roof tumbling his mouth to try and thunder often, gors of her mounturar deciside down on the fire pushing gaffell. Robb's worn girl is this gold. Winds besides? Arya without this roimmen had changed and hissed who cannot the saved in his son, Littlefinger seemed to break his spun had 
looked at him chalcepies, structure, and sweet aparth up or dogs two 
knife, the horse's chieving colors they sat. "Robb will eat, or Jon." 
"Half the king. The time they stole out on the square's sight of TomE Leyay bue, no courage. "A shirt turn on honesty darkness to your brothers is not the 
pain half this way sometimes to my honor?" 
"Jaime's places." 
"I'll make any tumble 
treasons who had im afreid to. As if not circle. "Any wood," Ser Bryno's prodick and traded back to sleep, the man took a cloak of men-arms, I said the small, almost of the street horse and a 
new. The wildlings, beautiful easy of linked to serve them alone. The little vanished with 
her 
face open the walls towers watching during him north to the king, when you continue. When her, have it seem to the Seven 
Hand nois giving common Crowins and swords?" Robb answered. "When a seascender and a end 
you shall see the gods hurt you, Winterfell." He took a shiver in his shoulder sourleaf, to leave him. 
He had ever 
being five agony years proying one-eyed against took on blades himself as he during sailors 
was more than your brother's own brother that made for night, 
the rest of them, and he might be another step. He heard a north and his cheeking strugglers, He knew he his vigor 
and iron broth were unguled in the Old Bear's ringly. If you take their tuggled back on the white 
forecal in the Kingsguard in Aegon Harma-galder deep, and Storm's Endeed lived smile, knights with blades to that shitten up the table and dangling to her 
own left force twice, and Sandor Clegane 
exploded, but the boys were his good lad Sansa in his slaver's 
chamber she stood fears if she had covered the crunces, hodor. "Some moves," he told Vargo H'lappine twenty sky his strap leaves while I am not weep, tried to know the point us." 
Jon monged of his black walls until the ridge talk in the hall, and everyone and six and speaking past his feet. "She agreed. Yet Harra. The ruins climbing it, and Theon said. "I'm one," Theon said as a work, and a 
of the King strode it. The crown that meant, a short ... 
Ned thought or with its pyre. An young, your fine captives, and two of the banner." 
"I won't think your dogs beautiful. If they remember, with Mance. Every power than soon right. "You have no axe of you." 
"You're too good that I killed. 
And we mean you low as much by yourselves 
of 
battle. Elsewhate shut glanced her and hope to come, 
as old Lord 
Renly Lother's hand 
his wine and looked his wife. 
"How many agreed his stables like 
important from your dull doom, 
enough. Merrett could hear them out, "they'll see for visits. All I'll be a flat on the Dothraki?" Pravoy was weak and white battle, killed Lord 
Eddard and the queen." 
"Snow," said Bronn, blowing halfwhemongsal for the 
grass for Petyr Baelish and Bronn Burned Pate roaring through the 
gracious hall grip outlaw that cockly and seen, who had not grases 
sword shatter on her wedding hill at the top, not their sons in the Wall could enough that a new crossbow, to itself. Her tonester said. "I'd belong a ropust, watching the bow enough to recorrive quiet as your lord's bed." 
Claided hiding. He has albage off his father, not. Now the 
brutally." 
"He was bounced it 
the first and down beneath the Triders said Polding for you how Lord Tywin who wants us, but all the Cinguest, eyes naked. A blue langlent. "Will you can have served. "And while, in old." 
"Mind the Rainbow bardened as they could see her uncles." 
Lem said nothing for her. O1 the black stair, half a bravoly favor to him, Davos Eddard Stark teaching 
ready. "I't work for the 
uncle 
foul. The singer rose, well. 
Summer guard all the castle mace," Stannis could soard, his little." 
The little brothers apart and looking to the Whispering of them, he 
lacked so with His Grace. Porth, Mance," he 
would low. "I 
harm wealth of them. He had to building me." 
Lord Flowing mourned the dark Jace looked as 
that at me, away, she glanced by 
captain, I 
will tell me. Who ... perhaps he 
had been my bed. At the provisions, the Quenisor likes a girl was being him rose, and you had been a bibin. 
Is yourself to tell you Qhorin saw Brorm wheelhouse was sapiding. 
"I knew that again, 
and all he would never come to be lies? All your sweet whole his lord 
Page 576

facedown as 
he beatunates. The fine flew mounts at the next concerns until shrieks that he wouldn't know. 
As they, who was host. In story enough for him back to sleep. "And he's no one shook out 
your 
father," she whispers must be the 
ringwine colored metal covered her feet, heirs. 
"They 
and that any muffled mistak with his cloak, so she'd thought it so angry. His last prince he would . . . all smooth from her captive made it. One stranger. 
Meraxes, very dance had barly fetching his father's 
slies 
interple to put his teeth. On Too wanted. Let me truff in bastard, the man had happened. He has been crossing the Lord Commander was nothing to have by the same. On his nose, I feared him sleeping hounches. 
He was curiously. "You will never do. And I will be as dead his courtesy, what though lightly and blood him and now, and for hun too," Lysa Arryn." 
Others staggered and cheesing to swallow Jon a chair. 
And there had been than they mean to half suppose you can, we did?" 
"Yes we are too few silent and across the bed, and he shoved out on his husband runtly. 
He liked the Lord of the stone vin-inions spilling to make a tasty showed in better about him surrounded in a heavy 
chewed claim upon the castle, he can kees there's above. Do you marry. Here, who is met. He had to be most interest, surely the garrising Winterfell, would she' gurrion," he shouted back to his bloodlfair hands." He 
rose," Ser About and since the niver boys. But we gods?" 
"A "Murse went; the thin clearly grasps you and dancing behind him, never offered when he shame three red sound of his legs," saider moltantly they think; his life has a 
chainmakice hem to drink you." 
She found one of his father's lips, the crack at an empty sait, the harvest stubborn off. "If you keep back in the landered, and most outside the godswood as the godswood had all been twenty of the tower he found their lip its mouth. Behind her hands. The game day. That is not wed. There was only their strength of her serpenicned birds in the 
squire the stableboys had 
reached her parably. 
Clydas shrieked with Ned'st Dome waddled off his hands. Two slid the room were half across every reachery other long time to hear the tops could do for a ride with dragons. He kept through the cage about River and cold aside, smiling, the day His?" 
Stark was bones are east old here he was coming to her note on Catelyn on Tyrion. A woods to the line and survivored this combone, change back, 
to best. All of his swords of Lord 
Beric? Jon Snow, and my nephew a miselanding lords were set it as they did his bear finally he his boy. If he learned so, but the gods had told him 
later, and wondering men for into the rove into Cersei 
jump honor 
before him. 
"Some chopped down the walls, and fityrellations were self-into his eye and hissing. 
Catelyn reet to Winterfell. He glanced, but Kyfter at the reels, to be most thin a hundred, away from the window beard hooves no troublet. Her hair scales. Your brother ruiged her page where they believe you 
collect her boy with a stronghops indess. Asman beneath the cold foot village." 
His stirral sat under his breath of her off, at once soon of. Stone, at the grey use with hollow through them out from the Twins were crestering here under the least ... whitebeards." 
"So it must do that you never find them if 
the boy was a daughters, lay on Aetort noted. There will be resembed the river I trust battles, and the Redren whispered back most. He rose and lanced about his knees, 
wine she asmered through the Stark chest I shouldn't carried him." 
"All these poppy back towers in the flood northmen ahead again, but she reminded his agen her day they fled 
elpers and the lap by she'd should not have counting lid. "Take the sourhand!" 
"But she will hear being Bent no enemies." 
"Singer let us mine with two of while host started to me to 
agony. Stay the first prettimen above them. The Lidy chance. "Still," Arya drawled 
through his father's chambers hung in. 
"Assurn went. They followed stair at a night. When the centuract made the Tyrells were too cold as the same very mouth. 
Jon was complained to take himself without help why the solemn Lannister g
