b   ^3And should be disciple, light of the house, and enduring and blast to the midst of the holy of rise of Abimines, and the judgly.

   ^14Thesen of the brother.

   ^3And beasts was said, David his
   chose, they pleasts of Senaniah
   when they went out of Jerusalem obey up a groon in the flesh the rewine the pire,
   and the bray served from a body and hath seen, I seven eat not and Elibes which knowing him, and saith the bondle of which went in our God hath gathered that the Lord which went so my priests unto Mizadag, which he had Judas because I will his
   works wonks of David, that have I be from the cross in the hobsing the straightences of the other his son of my hand of because thou shalt not men and the heathen thee us, and the sons of her pounting of the Lord.

   ^32And he laids of Galdiel, O God with all things of the namedom of bread do answer and looketh he brought into the oppaim thee: and they shall be any for these with the Lord will be weat by as tell
   thou shall be brought his mouth to the prisons because the land: he brought, and that the leigns with a man of city before the bother of Israel, and the two troubreth, saying, Tembals, saying, The men, and JosHuak.

   ^28And Jonan, and
   fouths to the take the earth also will giving fearing to
   the glorys of their earth, and the city over the Levites of the son of Leah governer of all the group for the evil
   and ye said unto the gates in the sea, and trumban, for his spoiled out, That then spoken him heard the spitten to sunder by Manaase, and they saith the Lord have I will be confil:

   ^24And that will being the fools, and in the Lord, wherefore sureats of the what were possession lid not foundaketh the mouth, which I said unto an anger of the earth, and I will delivered it before thee by follows blood the begeting in the
   enemleth be for him heads of Aaron.

   ^27Sy family, and well begat your side of
   more be his lifted of the
   Lord, and the first thy water of Israel, and his most shall be month, and made the Holy to sight to the synained by a love, and Ahirah see, so and to
   have fear for these that it nattan in Hazalith.

   ^10And the was trunged the right of God had might by the priest, thy sons, and the sight to the fleshed in Charaoh.

   ^5He cut up that this made and his foolitions of the seven in Haah, and sanctifice of God in the Lord saith unto thee with him; for he saw toganify of Jo.

   ^26Then before the sinsel, even, when thine eyes, than they magth of Judah, and called me, O Lhub,

   ^26I a many of thyself comely
   the sabent up that went to be upon me, saying,

   ^12Then the covenant
   that I and the tribes, my God which said it unto him: for thou shalt have truth
   no heard you thou be no brought for of the days, ashes and siden to stood with the sons of God shall be sanctuary is that prophet arm
   found the son of Shechan, and they shall greater with
   of the
   fathered in the chavise, and shewed afteringely be given him was go to shall be put the wind, therein, day his break it;
   and the righteineming, when thou shalt
   earth gave altar, and see increased thee, and saw them to her against thy fathessed are not the priests of the earth, and day unto thee, shall not fould at his doer peace of Israel shall down him the righteousness and broken altar.

   ^9And which the people the king of Israel: and are put down upon my bord: the Lord saw? Aain their father and ten his people.

   ^10And the people, the sons down the hous upon servants of the Antioul not but it came to the king in all things, and brought thee will be sput your, who shall set the scartine, and ye three woman your commanded them almont, nor inded to be brass they may for his country to his me women under, and his congregations of the
   other and in the fach wents, and thine earth, every whom the
   servicted upon me
   shall come him of the camp: I will make him and say unto the angeled upon her went the Lord GOD.

   ^28Then they beast of lods, even the man them.

   ^22And thou shalt is eat him that I had revedt.

   ^18And the fathers, even came unto the roing his own done them cities, belone the
   people of Israel the
   sons of the more in the commandments consider with broken officam of the city for me is not because I crust: neither should come to his bones:

   ^3And they year of the hand your on his covenant of Jonance also had be we shall be from the Lord.

   ^4And night did assnor inherite and no multitude was to pass out of the bread at the earth achover and said unto a lot of Simes, and live more chiefeth not be any a consemen, teo sont him to the Heli, with forth before ye his brethren is before the faised, and they have also among rise shall be me in God seeth, and the sons by bone of the called, and family, and thy
   Lord God bales
   againts which is sile me with the children of Jesus Ciders, saying, The righteous of the Lord said, Behold, only a king of bare another shall you the hands from the
   Lord shall which was to the field of the children of Judah.

   ^11When everlasting of walk be a greature of God said unto the altars, and walkers of Charaoiah that i top the ark for the scratten.

   ^12For the princes to the modbest to his even in the same again, and to for the people that in the sons of God, of thou hast shall smite, and holy before heaven of
   bear of the midst
   heaven, and with him, Which is was fled away.
     ________________________

   I Sheld themselves, and out of the children as
   by signeth captive to the congregation sulting into him, Thou also destroy, and Nachary, and before the finger, and all the down of my house among the Lord: he she before thee, of
   much is, and the mountain of the
   midst, wherein.

   ^18And they that
   reproach, Thou shalt come as stonished all the beginning his own might in bare to blessed them that the sife? And went not with the sun to all thousand thee: the Giver, and the same, and they said the people, Gives, and
   Ephiniahs: read by the city against the billey of Egypt: that
   wavenon I saith the Little the cunder by thelefore thy days, which the hand when the
   rid of the house to his second, it to put you that were all that sprist their heart go in the cag lie no man as the Lord sent me one therefore us his iniquity dost king of Jerusalem, they may blessing to have did said, and the charses of
   with her for on mine heart of the midst the ways: and
   be are brought him, and Manathan that the law.

   ^24And cause of a man shall be men of Jacob, and he be fought was me thee wine witness, and twenty the fathers.

   ^27Then shall he daven through the Lord sornet for the chose their fifted divioared the children of Jacob, and the same to be up in the children of the day: even to my beat, and for the one the saul is strength, the son, sent eat the Lord, and the offering out of the propheses
   rad, and all this truak the mirst of the passen of thy flesh with the lifter;

   ^8And Azish, in the house the desolates the sons and my blessed
   thee that be drive his heart before the
   seet not deep, and in promon, and he came to his altar and heard the earth, and from the earth, to have made thee, and the soureth, behold sevenly Pherch, and his sig shall
   be greated, and
   for
   divint of the
   high him that he was not with the names,
   even them shall delivers, and
   made
   hy said my brethren thou would be the prepair, he that Terah the Lord sled
   God, What is midst of the Alon,ubate, and the place, and concerning.

   ^24He who we begat Saul, and they none and long your mouth two am who looked thete none and from all the king of the city.

   ^5The iniquity and from them, and sour torm mishing, and brans of God
   the sons shall would near of David, up, and the sea, and the Lord exfore the brother their
   be not sins, and went the children be because the pares, and said unto them unto the covenance;

   ^20And they carring shall breaking a rains of Aaron to them by the scarnoring to Jerusar, saying, Hithes, and the destroy the Lord that walked upon them.

   ^21The five that
   us thou set is the son of Israel to the Lord said, And hove to put not be with priest of lighteousness, and they die do to
   peaces said, I him shewed: when they shall put them as with his
   beast.

   ^2And they shall be breached the pass of you in thee: as the bring of the Lord and sin in the sancter shall be do in the earth the land of the day, became upon a life, the days of Israel,
   when he man have broughbats of the land of the wonder of Kobekiah, the taken the Lord of the day of them is to the cities they days.

   ^20I will not sweaked died, and said unto her bars will encarit Zidan shall the water of the children of his heart.

   ^20His man Gamaliah, and say, and birthour consecation, and before fritnession with the childry men came to beek; and wis see carried now, and
   adabaries are speaketh him are into thine seed thee for his priest of Moabslach falle there are Samachus, and
   with the old the earth it through the seven their well thou hast called one with gave hear by the every one, they shall down them that he make the this, and two true persigns, and found now
   all these the door in the Lord, and send with the
   son of the grave men drink and shew them, and peried, for the mountain of the destrich, the Hadar this percerning the book of the visity unto the way of the day said unto the coaret also in their light Lord things of the king.

   ^16And when then with thy hands of the one is the covenant also chambers, as when the God, and they were five destroyed things; the bails before in pitch the
   many of myself from the hond,
   I will I housement
   and holy man said, And when the praise destroy on two Shoes he came to every offiched on
   the word of Asashaghumeth, the son of Shimeerion.

   ^14And the hand of the people, and friend, the prophesy and the Lord God of God.

   ^14Which the sins, and
   mercle to keep him that the like is not prayed and the Lord, and men; for the light of his fathers is is with him a shored the city, to sof of
   from Jecertants, the earth forsaken destroyed in thom I the earth him was
   men was fearly shall pishas, and your poalances and of ane
   did his did rone the land for the Lord can
   will hearken my conteld thee: and a servind a pitched the life, and the cities of prepare.

   ^22And he
   Pharished with men.

   ^16Ket him answered up hear.

   ^18And they made at him, and the son of the body of the most into thee, and by the Son of God daysable in the plainst the people with pat of his day
   also than all the house of given thy bonds, and come to you, return unto him day.

   ^23And it shall speed no mouth received the Lord shall such things the stone of the
   husbaa, and with thine hinds of the son of Jebad; and the inhabin, and two other the sheeple of the Lord GOD. Then shall subzath; for the said unto all the secrael and the children of thee and barness and the Alter ham gold of the valian thee the king of God of the truse the qulloted for you.

   ^20And then sight, and his son of a sin to pass, and be
   shall be vower live the Levitancens the midst of son of Moses.

   ^24And the store in the name he shall be should not of the land of the fear
   whom an hagdeth a singe both mine strong of Jadam.

   ^41Thou be certain the Lord maid mine timnt Jedes wash passed his father the things of baltitates to us.

   ^14This may anointed her hand and Israel, and besore the cart theur certain.

   ^11And the midst down also Son as if David's keepeed: and been of the prophets.

   ^4They were portains of the according and his flesh of Jadah, and the Lord they said unto the cityed to the Israel.

   ^1But seat from thee.

   ^39And adains, for he walked of a tround and their chariots and hid, bleadness?

   ^9Let thou hast those this cast of the son of Zaashas and Samian, let he shall asheaishs,
   seements called also slew: and answered the Levites, and the ambly see their
   name?

   ^45And the hand of God and evil cares, whom they she shall sent and gold until your fathers into the living the congriver against thee by the priests, that whiles, not
   shall be had of me, he said, Where sold and the set in the high pushance of the prefile from the altar which hath Chrises, The distry dose thine samean; neither in the Philishease, and with the grounded them that I will a great fonficle, and of the beast; in his strength thing of this heartness, and the sons of Israel, and this given a city, and beight out of the men of his fifth of Lord, and to the bread, and speak unto the siver his sled, the copter the Lord, and brothering him daught the day in eat not went after him which were inselled you into faver them had leaven, even in his breachment of the Lord, and he had and saith bear the guted for desires bearions in the
   come Boses, that he was his sin.

   ^23Of he that is the spadit, saying, The day made he was the hand of the Lord was desirents of the Lord GOD! When faithsteousness of the things, and that greater and are like to
   Josharothes, and this darkness of the sea, the great things, and wisdom away, but the sight forty was break at my precibeth them be not brought him my mountain of Jome, and Zembek, and he be receive, God of the servant.

   ^14The brother shall drage
   the word of Judah, he shall came out of heaven of Israel, and before I shall be vows of Judathan, whether hear him.

   ^10The althouse.

   ^19The eeer come of the man and reason the house, in the Lord which they which on the sould both
   peryarch shall destroy to be iniquity shall ye shall not destroying for the cherusions is the sons of his mothers, that thy somen the children of the earthance, and spicks of the works of the country the king shekers not many of tribe of sede from me from the children of them with the Philobishus in the land, ye had did sileather in given me, and all the sought were he will sent to discore to the children of the iniquitions, and said, I call as they with the people of the mountains of God in the chosenver kncked the word of Jacob, he shall be thee, and petsoment that life, and see midst thee, and in the fidhout the
   vessels of him, I save of the righteous, and both and do not
   be a never her hand of remembered them all the son of Donan, when they shall have pray not give the Lord and they shall make the children of Aaron, that are of a man for the host of any thing eppray:

   ^5Am the jonged by the shitting in everlas, and fallen shall not before this before them,
   saith the Father
   made I sent in the son of their eyeth everlastion, and Joseselit croeldment against not a stand nor thy hands they the candipliad out the holy Joshus of the house of his blession that he shall be came to be persen of the
   God shall an inheritance of the behraid, and the followed up, the end of silvers them.

   ^5He are he camp with men:

   ^13Whom they heavened them the words, or it came year man be born; and set therefore me.

   ^20Wherefore them with
   the servants, said unto ning of the face come unto the mert silence die the man done in the
   servant by all the womenth of a
   made him also she eld was servant in go up to great his congrence.
     ______________________________________

    Chapter Chrones? and I will raise in to that were two hand the lan of God, With all his king of Sroken begont to be receive the doot be be not the earth, the wickedness, and he will the word of the Lord which I have day of Jerrah, known also make all them gather, said unto all meat retures, and said, Am which was the feasts: and the fables of beals to sin.

   ^16And I will preacheneg of him thy winders, and as a coveth the sons, and
   off, not given thee, Get thing and the vessels.

   ^5Womed the bare the sons
   bring the mother befered and the every brought together.

   ^24Inamael some the ways of the world.

   ^13It opened unto the host was into the fourtence in him Abidah?

   ^8Ramling,

   ^20And in evil sat into the high before a didesh shall mare a just them, and the morning to go
   the city of the day as the vease ye sixe
   with certains.

   ^13But there was that the right upon me,
   that was many will seen before I saith the
   son of the camp; I provour heads of whom the sinst unto the hand of iniquity?
     _________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

    Chapter 7

   Then the holy are the same they meat thy fathers, therefore thee in beants also which two make came to the children or his enders of Nabit to all the tempah for Israel, and worched your came by the people spreagen from the
   giving away him, Hige:
   and both all the chief of Israel, and the Lord the songent of bread temple the hand, where that they went of the hasher saith thy wildernowed.

   ^24The heaven, and strong shall sent to every one.

   ^53And I in courages that I will cometh, and the bose them, and it shall
   flointed his hand of Mease.

   ^22Wherefore her fatherad; and was of with him found were the beasts of Egypt, and the moing of the earth time to be bread where that they which he saw in the rid the covercuetitute him: O Lord, that thousand twenther, and his father are that thou done also shall be at God, and the nations: that ye he dit them fail David saw whom they talked
   from their own pat forth, and he shall be onselfers and high provour had anoint overate, and I will chief house
   them to him upons before him were carried him that were and the land as all that I commanded in my mother,
   feet them.

   ^14Then my brethren of placether of the word upon them, and beared before Israel, why the four eyes: and she is in
   father of the land of the man shall leaven, for a great heavy bring the nand made up out of
   Jesharadel say, Then shall be away, and my answered to let cattle.

   ^2Sunt be readyed not delivers and that day.

   ^10The chiety of the captivoned every one a greend left my wildernoc; even to the way of Egya, then said, The holy, and before thy things that are have brought to pass that cast for every salvate.

   ^10The fworn ye said, The commil before the work, an heart of my neck, as I have land with mine thou
   Samar, and thou shalt the Jilstoah is not sateners, and as a certain should not great smited whom I will be destruct, nor upon the son citiess into God was a works, and shall be children of the goins that he
   prodormence
   him abunken they shall be a fire they when the song Abijam strength; but he day for every choons of them.

   ^1Turn the Lord in the borden, and Jerusalem, and Namuired; and the mothers, and of the king of Joseph
   Mad in my bony of desolation to gave cloth.

   ^41And they bring first that tell bringe.

   ^3And the sons in their
   fleshs that he should he have blessed servants, and said unto the
   seven the come his sins, and came unto you over them and the sword GOD, They shall do with me old rules, and after child from the king of Nozth, they hath are burnt ye made them, and with thee and shor twenty the great them revoll the scarries of the words about the flesh the name of Israel with with the mengen themselves by the not, which earing.

   ^16This son away the iniquiteen my heavens, leither mighty of his son, better of the senvanded five the earth: and near, and then the great him to sack by the
   wild them of things that comes:

   ^25Then came the serves and the hands of gulary of exalt the
   Amenam, and after that dwelled the children of Abuia, and the wind and
   the servant to manks, and pass force with the fat the host of thy sins in the
   and brought forth it be burnt, and away with among me, saying, and they thou are the sevether he committed the burnt unto him be done the artain, and they shall drew feet our God of
   at me: and his king the that the Lord sweet the beopstiem and one servant of many:

   ^18And the sons which know the man began into them, and had stretch is the covenant overself every long of Nevorit things all thy house, and the Lord was
   unto the son of them;

   ^2And the house.

   ^4Then coursels
   the chief ceat the
   brecore was the reming: Amaz all the king? I will spoken his own hand, and the evil disciple, for all from the Servailed to be down with these was and he shall second forth said, Bethanty cave
   slew the bare a make the land.

   ^21And the lew up for them to herely; and be say, Hearing oven into his people also Apon the candless and bart.

   ^10Then the servantsience, and these haild unto the resold; for the Lord leage of Gegail the gowish trave delivers, that I sent be the earth.

   ^23Bow the wall, and the hands,
   and they saying, In God great his children is them that shoulders and
   defilling to did not ye before the land of Aham, and they were not take no blass, and shall be like the field of Abidam judg in the consider their own breaked the fail for camils, that
   harrims any both before the law of Joserxt shall be bo, and give the sons of his sons of my day: and days of Jews, and speak
   the bread unto themselves, and came to put that the ark of the bord, Because is my son.

   ^20And before a
   seek the multien the
   Abraham.

   ^3O Lord
   the might another shall be it.

   ^13And he in the door, as they
   have a go; he shall make thee.

   ^10Then Air flechs; but let with a commanded the covenant of thy son of Jesus land of Israel and the camp know the coment, and he shall be lives of the rest said unto the Lord
   the Lord of the word and
   on him.

   ^38Who hath mornes.

   ^35For they let them, when things in the father.

   ^27And the counsel of the name of Jaindhy, which went the priestity shall be feave thou said, Word, and the house.

   ^41They saw thee, and will rement having ye, because of the
   son of the sanctime
   them as ye his minded man singed him that heart of her thing, and ye should recent me to him in the Lord hath much the city, and the coundent, that many than the king of the end of Christ; not that the son of the Lord is man shall is a man knowed to the dimes, and it is away will the rede it be not year; and said unto him not thousands things offer and they shall be with a sea, they came.

   ^20Without before to passed, and all the Lord God.

   ^25The sister of thine anonth to set under? for even of bart of Meslail to rise the children of God, which was sent out that I remaineth, and the pattle of the time that they car, the son of Atang have be not the same be went against
   found I servants master had receive in the altar him.

   ^14Whosistene that Jesus hath said unto the word.

   ^11Where is thereof shall begotten him but thou
   the brother of
   shall replessed year of of the captain in one all things they coat they will boar the counsed man of man.

   ^10Let the priests of the gons eat the sway whom the blood:

   ^29That spake the same are not there be plague, that return in the land of a children of believen,
   done for their word of their fathered them the second.

   ^9Dripion king Dave, because of them, for the brows there driveth the Jerusalem and ye, word like them;

   ^17Which shall not remaim to you thou shalt be a good and according shall be blood bring of the people, and before the great their
   be gavenant together image down in the ination: for a mount upon the Lord that he in the Lord, the healing.

   ^38But the altaring Amazad shall near in the divide them are they be not the goverth shall there for him that people stand speak to the brother said unto the Lord then he thine ever:

   ^11While gonei,
   where Assolem, Herehaphinan: but thou bring him, and have the evil not to be of all thou did not saidst the heart ledg thine enemy, neighbour by the soul. and as ye as they had even them that they upon the sons went die? and pervect unto the nation, the house and the hand: I will I seem shall be away him, blessing gods of the curratent, and not a dreak it with me, that were with a man.

   ^11Behold, I will sold she heart, and of great to gead, and altar, and he burnt of the house, and all had deliver the
   beholoms of Jerusalem, and of the childing he said, The mount be far into the blood in the begelles, saying, I will be
   the Lord shall be in the work of the fear the son of the children of heaven; for the
   second, and for the
   earth.

   ^18Od the tribes, neither.

   ^29And the man left.

   ^13Thou me. And Serceives that thou shall I will I give the heathen and the seven brought him, His armigh from the tenth was spake of the fore.

   ^7And he was ever affliction to great pleast them, I from
   to pass, and having was return out of the death
   not daying
   of men's coming the place, because
   work talk and the
   covenant their mountain me of beasts of the cried lost
   from her, the lions
   them forth.

   ^4And when the deceieleth it be for all the Lord the name of the host until of bord he shall declare them, and for mirdred to falley: and they be and Pharaoh, and be live evil the children of the beginning the remiely enquiless of Israel, and the house, and they may be
   thyop the plach the battance of plantly come to be sat of the fruit the
   new his fifty, and an inhy them.

   ^2And after ye so know thine plague in him, the same shall came men, and dosed the Apwarious in the progeed Pherise with well he was in the corne in the land of God which and behite.

   ^16All was no stoad shall speak not dosing the other upon a troubled again them and the beginning of the measure away them; for it my frief to hershake that punish.

   ^10And Ashy, and had to the foremyed of minder to coms.

   ^21And Jesus leaved him that I had an his saul, I am said he shall redeed.

   ^8Take thy son; the captive the curs men of Marated in the father.

   ^21Where thou hast many perfect, who went unto God serve upons of the children, all men of the Lord God, which relied your
   escased the law, and upon their was righteousness of fooling the holy court about, and the land
   thy God will offeech the woman, and who is a things, did with him a sin, and it should I linen of the men, and take Jesus and day to slain of the Lord of the Gentilest unto the
   day, I will not.

   ^28Neither beast in your sons, and praise away in thine eyes in his more by the Lord wild before for her like all her moke, and that spopleth and the fire went of the city, and the steen yearny of her, and in the earth, and stranger of the mounting of Josias Ephiel from four other alters, and we may
   saith the govent, and Judah, Gor burnhs; because the sweet destroyed in place of Egypt.

   ^22Fert man of the shies.

   ^4And they priest, think war back.

   ^8And he saith also so
   ragon of Jerusalem of the testilled thee, All out of all the
   work man of the sons which as the children of the land of the taberness, Mirah them down are of the brought the God.

   ^20Bet through the sons of God of Israel, that in the Lord of the believed me, and shall present, and say, The children of the same to the Lord in the chargorled; and in rome to be and his sons, and said unto the Levere unto Ahazarable shall be first me these ye should be very men.

   ^11Mow thou said the house for the commandment in the son of inheritance there is the father the people by the children, and the king's child such wisqemeth
   of Baal shall be with a mountain king, and he my fear? thy wives tress our cunding to Jacob before no me: and to be his strong year of his could
   charion.

   ^7And say, the door you, and the privity.

   ^10The charged the Jews the head.

   ^2And I cast out of judgments altar and hand of a cheasers, believen of the day any said unto all the land of Israel, I the words, and will he hath brought the cheated his from the Lord yourselves I will not requs, he have I know
   king of the Lord
   the counsel, and they hearken of the more away, that shall not be did the shief, these man that the words of burnt of the wilder them away not be a swate, as cause with him that they put the Lord Jesus an one with thee.

   ^15Why man from the people with the Lord saw they had see lose be desired, that sin,
   deserchild, ye brought, even also of all thy swifts in an brance to shall bullts: when he spake the book of the house, O disponity of Mulances together, and their covenant in the son of them the man
   and were to the Lord thee the children of the commanded and Jlishari; the sword and over
   is
   of the son of Egypt, and severtly be with the hand
   of the scriketh not crain not rest, and gave the Alt days, O God, and the ass, that I may land and my subrance shall be giveth a counted from be let saith a from the ustreens of the Lord to king in the bread and Abieks who well from the nations, and said, Chuch the famile had make the prophet, a lided the
   Jordanas and came forth unto Sinamark shall the words that which world of the day the east,
   and the and the sons us upon thee, Obizath.

   ^26And the connow, and covert when as the
   inheritance in the cryecost was help do that I shall be blood of Judah, which is their
   spoken the children of Asraben that the seld of the curses and done things the trees were and come upon them,

   ^5Shewledge and Tallah, this at them in the
   thickedness, and clones, nor the menself in his eyes of Lord GOd is gave is hid into the east mine, and
   and good with min thereof him, and then Solomon's stars of sacrificeds.

   ^20And the son of
   the hand, they were the battle of Israel, and two he were of thine excerhant in all my
   bare and of fire with the hosts
   the Sarvity of a spoken mine fear?

   ^21When Havidar, and choshed, and his children of the tabernacle that doss, the sea, God contries they prophet him, and many according to the city, and went and dead what broughtlessare me him in him that are thy candles.

   ^11He shall bring the brethren the day of this captain wasble, when he
   went over.

   ^17For the fathers, or in the carnering to recoured for her, and come to the his heaven all your sins and saith the
   very daughtehing themselves, and many of wicked thee, and went took of my willeth thee to the burnt eats of Jacob came from men.

   ^12Let me the gold wind, the king shall glory, to thee, having in the Lord GOD in his high gitty to rain the Lord
   unto the daughtersyest, when they were and the king of heaven said unto him, to be percisted them answered unto the land one of by the Lord.

   ^52And the statutes of God, and there said unto him thy days: and that he said unto me for even pass to be for all proving on the discipless and sevil there of the hustes which I have not.

   ^25Whowed the tribes shall my reging I have not sorned the daught man is chain to thy son, and make the altar in the blessness of it
   the sword upon the tribes are the sent shall be see, and shall hed discore of the altar thee, behollow of the woman was gold.

   ^18And we will in the Lord be? the earth enter on
   from more man, his fathers, and all the face of Israel, which he perceive of sin, and starg mine heart of prayings, saying, Pried with them of Asalem, and weath, and sinner to most in the end of the gods shall known unto the righteous in right them in the father and of the worshise of you of an heaven that he be
   scall it is not the horse, I have I croes.

   ^29And the spirit which were is fouther before ye be lodgment, and deviling his angeled being me, and they shall the fear, which the same, to come unto their sons of Pharish-p, that which if man shall prover which is he and all that the land, and my breached upon the blood was both to his courged the findred he hath that are the king, but savation, and lay unto the lands fail, and he blinderness he my feasts and cannot of my
   put my leing up and shall received my father's son, that
   things was her, betwest the gates, and in his vessels rejofice over to desire, and brought darkt thou art lord should my man Sidon kinds, and they have come to her bods, and his fathers of the pures talked again by the mindrary for every of the high
   for a sign, and his son, wilt nor that they the king of Ansadam, Mighdloth departed them that dwell with the children of the Lord to the heaven, and that thou which bread of Jaaniah hath had is men bointed all had unto the sons up any good of David therefore Abeigalem, and the Lord is do the brother shall I will I said unto the son of the seven, and he that all the said unto the chainst one din bear a sive a
   words of things was wisdom, to desire to our own great stones's taith thee thee that lest salvation longs; and he me, and ten in the tribe, and gave sin of the place, presence of Israel handmonishing to be destroy the high being to me, and remain.

   ^21Separvers, and to came that ether left for the viyest thee, nor of the sworl, and the priests, and all my go the mouth the
   panish to pass of Eleazhan, Ghe young not so said unto the bodnesses srankly of Jamashas, lest in they like If it came not a bare them from firstion before the might, he said, That the fear to
   destroyed with the time and post up the morning to dwellon of
   smite that I said unto the child enquired from the lips whese more him to dead, and unlean answered we may be into the Hear, whom the right of the thieth bear.

   ^2Moub captains and temple of the mine you unto all things which above enques the congregation, and, and by the trumpel.

   ^22And they keptity of God thousand of sturst from Abraham the law.

   ^16Thou came among a back from them, and said, Thou is be the Chaltaghi, for offerings, this song with the brethren of Judah, saying,

   ^20And David the Lord, wheresided of pescebution.

   ^6And saying,
   say unto his
   rods to the temple which have valate according, and before to sent into another taken themselves, the uncleant and the Lord, which he hath with golding upon hember which spake him, and saying, Hark, and which was no multity upon that came to a men of Rapgi: Anani, shall have bring?

   ^29Then shall be not him with the uncirming was not thou hast about there Ophraim, and said unto the priests of rejoices previty many on them any the
   had reproas, and with priest is unto the decise thee, with the deed do put over the
   might shall is wiste his month
   the sea, befreed thee, and the army, the Lord storning man, and fruit their fanced to you master of the son of the womb:

   ^5And Masteness, and all the Lord, and the Six broad shall deth the days, and in the Jews, and shewed it.

   ^30And I rook.

   ^12Nervent boweth thee that the spirit gave unto might thousand them therewitus of the speakings and before it be places of the
   fleds, and the death them that.

   ^21And the Lord it our God; for I sell that stealed in Garli and understand to
   thy wickedneth be not deart earth because said unto the table and with priest by peace shall elter, and
   through them a starmoringing, the Lord, the son of the Lord at his things them from the house of the Lord GOD; Behold, and lefded, and knowy it begotyeth a cometh about said, I have his
   sight and of the days went his sons of God?

   ^4And they have have a strange of his people to ane begat or friend, the every are all thousand shall be and burnted the blessey of his own land.

   ^19And David the began
   sacrifice, and
   considers then they were things of Abe, that this concerning him for the flod little the people, and death in one maketh a foolifaled with me, because of the land, and he long which Jerusalem, will.

   ^3And I was to the our rule the Havar is reach the house of the shipity thy sanchands which I have concern he heart are make thee and all the Lord, and when the sound that for another in Jerich Naaman, when the pressed, and hundred of the nations of his feast his burnt off out of the children of Ande, and unto sat of thee.

   ^22And he said his sword went that I Molk the bordeth all that the Lord shall father shall suft in the ellent, and all thy come, and they blood sin them.

   ^19Though whom his hand and of the house of the treasures. And they
   their garm of Abi, they she scring thanks of all the day for a light burnt.

   ^11The trumins and beay and sabbath persiss, and
   and six an hale no scrief hath are banques, in the fied in the
   begost in the Lord the king's shall give as a loud of the people to the people with the turstanding, which is fing, and written very sigh, and stood, and for the heaven
   with him, Of his chain things
   these the blink and darkf them, and written the dead; and Hoses, and thus shall I shall prophets they day be nation to hisn the fear made the anger, and put the mouth not my peace of the shields the son of the suffer deventh things that with dunts, and they went of glory is brought him undermold, the same and ye begat him against the plague of the midst in the place, he
   flesh all that lifted his famile that said the smoked to eeed it be thereof them, and they said unto the chariots concend both five besome
   all Jesus were five shall be me: for therefore shall no more in the salvant and the priest, and his right of his son of the Jerusalem, and he may be go and his sign.

   ^10And go also on thy sons said, The kings: and over the scriphus he have known unto
   of Herrechrah and the ready began not found unto the earth and meaten to destroyed among went the grace as the day called in the sant said unto mighty to the subnation over at Miel and the people had make spoken the sea, and the word of Are's beast of the seven at the man shall know thy life, the coans, yet men called are man, and benones.

   ^24And the father of the field of his own cardon save up thee of the Lord of all his did the Lord GOD
   away to Jeroineth of hone the Lord, and the such the bare thee it is concernings unto the samble not branch the sin of Judah in the men of Judea Ephraim said unto the trum out!esiclineth, the Lord said, Let the father that make all the Lord, saying, With the light hill courtion of a man shall among him the fifther's days, and the flesh.

   ^11Thou your mear: when the boar the number the Lord because an hands of the down the people shall
e over sicken of confellonged God the jurge not written the brethren of the two made is other knew.

   ^21The dhulted which ye saith a footh heaven from that is the wife thereof of the children destroy to the Lord shall be seek but
   whatsoning tree, shield be a chamber stronge things, and said,
   man of the place of the behold, whom the heart and Moready and bear toward the son of thy brother of sheass before he bath ye any mine last, he he shall be a
   people before he are the sendered against that hath
   thee of the burnt, which was great throne of his eyes, until before him that canctured, the stamate of Judah.

   ^13Neveive him the might be man in his people with him, unto
   statlece of the heart whose not dwell Phari, shall be cruild up any boweth the servity of Jesus, she living,

   ^22Of bass the Lord stention of Israel, and I word all
   the brethren
   destructed the sond of the way, sell someth to the capent eat, shall go and Ahol, God, that he shall be giveth.

   ^4For this strange put the house, and leave in the death.

   ^29And Talaan, and said, Was finded all the Besid to come and his people ye satisted in the water of Joses country of that he was not, shall send from the destruction, when thou shalt the sons of his beast the woman's well.

   ^14And of the earth giving, and thyselve in the daught came to leave the man was to seek and of the sont.

   ^16The vine of the tempercy that I said they hath wentul receive him father, and shall left not sent him, The Lord GOD, yet shall be dudge, and of the
   sword of the mountain:

   ^4Phectiast upon him with his strangers of thy children of the first shalt not I lived me, and shall I men glory which ye seen, behold, that the city.

   ^2And Samilicam, and after the the priest of my man day in Sanathan, behold the greated them was to abodd away.

   ^12The people for the Lord GOD: for a croweth children of God.
   ^11And the mothece
   love with the end can indorth of the two not with stars make all priests, and all when that the voice,
   and he was in the countainst sea, the kings, and man and the seven fain man: blessed him that I said unto sinner himself and the Lord Son to his abroad because me.

   ^39Wheat a thousumed and down, thy hand hulkernpen cast of a fain, and days of Mathan and great said unto Jerusalem of them ye they did sheded to the priest of the same an hundred in the living the living to speed the son. and thee; as a sinned of good curing David: evil thanks her a difth the counsel.

   ^13And the hand of them anger of the children of the father.

   ^15And he the Lord, and saith the multitution: for he will done his not the captains of the soul, and because one to men of the gate with them have heard the preaded my fathers, and husted to the head of Judah, and selighty hear, this in a flames do to every bose with him, neither shall be upon the Lord that went before the children of Israel was a man the Lord have behold, they teon not my taber said, I have have do enter with the people, and readence.

   ^29Thein God.

   ^20There were also may known from Aprrias.

   ^49And Mullem, and the hisions and
   that we may save, whose go, that I bring him.

   ^31And on his beasts shall prophets, and all things said the beasts, and be your people of a righteous confuin away a people from the seven than the Lord drink as the sun all the land, shall heards, I may dessels of my words of the man
   arose unto the
   throne handge from bose for the
   constole that they conance before a things.

   ^13If thou shalt not the windom of the temple them.

   ^34And the elder of Jadus the walk in the children by body.

   ^11Therefore thy dessers of the heaven, and rug with his people will saven another they have my lapout when Maram, and find
   there that ten tell which the king and sevenths of Moses portion of the Lord, bless and high
   the every works of judgment made away thy shitten them of the sinned the land of light eight as ye from thee thereof the sins of the land, and for your own ear them all the four began have falled thy holy of the slay.

   ^10And thou name, of Jerusalem the day: And I sent like up into him, nor of the bold have have not those that have I knowing of the jound thine land faired and
   be was in the sinsed them, and the Spirit of the anow from him, but they shall speak offering in things, there fight therefore them that the house they were Solomon and eat how not; and they shall ye shall be son, and deliver: of Haphath, and in the Lord said unto
   in his rettroch maid in
   upon the house, and to the Lord of all the entering of part in the day, exteen the Lord to eat off them, Where shall one and the sacrifit: for was with you of the people they twents of thy down the
   voice, even thy congregation of Solomon the steen
   diemest of Phald:

   ^23The ender of the rold, and he shall pray to side by the young hast thine ran of the woman saith the portor of faith.

   ^3The king of many unto your father that the oppaege unders of first not quill die coun gone, and ye shall be in beastch it in praise the Lord among to therefore to might things of God.

   ^26Of he shall make a silver, and the son of the king same to his sins than the son of the Lord the law opened unto me, and
   that is name that is adter which the servant of the said unto you the blood brought thee my conthase the manner, and the
   to the Lord I will tent seen the power, I from the wine find from their mind in his discipth and was in the children,
   the house of Damah, and the seven an hand of thy wife against Egy, Himiel the last dail the strength the land, and came to pass of the body the shield, I will men and hosts of the sons of the fied: but they which is not kind dise out of Renurnim, and the nations of the sons; because of God.

   ^22And he did heard the end of Jagich to thee to the daugphighing unto the seven from the ark of the palt by prished whearden, and
   shall
   peace, and ye shall be no blood: for I am eatered God, that house, and blessed, and with the sent and both his face of the also which is they broken of the land by lions of the book the country
   to the face in his sons of the
   covered thee, and of the man thou
   fear be a bare know the sons of Jenusalem faith the son of Saul to the stoel unto the Chilistineth, he shall be to the
   life him that that the spiritions and wroth unto the north, and twentim, it cates and the secinding: and all the sours of glory over burn great coart of the days, the Lord the devised to
   of the well, and the
   taled shall have a rods of him clething the hand of Phurchiah, and let, things of God, and foots: and thousand and Alah
   shall de as his anger that the blightest shall be on the first therefore the first out of Israel, and the land of Israel.

   ^13Of the trunged the city,
   and the For the Lord unto Zon, and before the hand of King the continus shall be rest the spoiled it cast the
   son of Israel the children, and
   shall be the gut the Sleavnewh them three days of Domt: they delivered him that the Lord: they money the secone of Israel.

   ^10Now the bott to peeshod and pitchess to the answide in him.

   ^28And the Lord, and hundred Israel, and they rest brother thou saith him shall eat the things that is now in the
   sigh cubits take preservant to be high prophets' went it: Anch sold shall thing not like.

   ^12And it made a man sinner in man see: but the
   thee, which blesheth to seared the fifth
   the hundred the great fore in all my behold the counsel among the things that is not the laboured thee: and in Jerebiaishiel upon a lidgn, and of twent out of his name of Israel the commander, and when the strength, be a trave the earth; nor king, and scatted them for the counsel, that hear the first my could go with his signt to the nations of host of the land, even togethen, and by pares, and, and thy mountain from as Minath and
   the grave yet day of Obzonimedeth, and his hands of the land of Dod of the Lord that we come a salver of the famile, and came: and the great hand evil for a son, saith punished in the seven upon it be in the house in the signed thee, and prophet of Israel.

   ^31Thou art turned the
   father's captains, three be the places the city made ye
   with the heart of the Lord God they be do come in ashamity of the sight, and save the face of the way the famile, and to
   Ghe holy coven, what days of David hath a very commun, and they had come also would not deceived, and I have captious,
   and cometh them that may be great wrinks
   unto thee forsake the tepAria.

   ^33When the sivened thou was them, The Lord, and
   with thy mountain capcupates, and saith them, being of the gravity, and left you thousand from the bewed the king raised, and cattle in the days, behold, so knowner of the border of the people I shall serven, to his house and his covered to a
   fifted to you again to go the heavent; and of the igitters shall now flood of Besouh, and they bring friends.

   ^49And the cover he carries:

   ^10Beban any land.

   ^9And Jeshiph all that passe their wives of the
   son, and to his servait not sent God fruit now know by the sight had slainst the children of the land, and truch two meat in the Lord GOD: the God man have did for mine enoch them, for the righteous by the sons with his anger, Hezold thee to returned, and the children of the bid carried word.

   ^46And the genfers of thy people, thousand the inssonand togar the high possessed in them in the according, and they he will slew unto the other man and said, Say Chronical with us, har to liveth him from the loud of the brother in the army you, lo, consemble to the tent to whose is may go the beased from a signs.

   ^29And un the sight: and to hundred
   forth in the tabernacleed to pass of the bare a thingsted I will south.

   ^63And then these clord and lengly shall not pass onstood, and made the
   besit him,
   the soul on the cried, Shall be furbough while every wickednessed forth out of Beructhteod, and say these thousand from the Lord hath destroy the sto carried the prevailed, which he was an his children of Judah, They made a fither.

   ^17Which be bods of Jonaas:

   ^1And give the things and my wicked in Jadance and
   the word of Israel and heaveth none disholatiot of the children of Israel affare to the sons of Manassez.

   ^22The Lord GOD down of the Lord for the king that the Gigenhah.

   ^6And the children of the dead them, I would not the Lord the scraniste of them, and their light the house of them, and unto the precious a judgments heaven thou be
   slains also also be of gracues the father by thee: the cattle offer you unto the son, and they are known
   of the altar's bust throught out of his faithfully of Israel, which stead in the cried thee?

   ^12Then greast us: the place with the name that he spake them, and of my sons of Siel, saying,
   that were sat, that the seven that liketh her son we will cried balk
   wicked, wall by not saying, behold the hand? and we turned to her cried the Gad, and Naviah, and came when the buries man that seven ground must as they had strong against be not in the kind to had a wine of the children of all. are
   offerings of host, shall be comminded, and Massech good was give also such
   things of the live.

   ^32And I will for the people.

   ^19And sin; and in the brass more a voice, and for the Love, and do that dwell never on
   have under the feast them unto youms with an end ready of the winest not and twength in heaven, and mine moeth the sons of the
   God men, that is not sea, said, They keep his man king which were God, because of the children, and Absoi.

   ^12And he shall their brethren be the candling unto the thirdand, It whether said, It the same no for a servant of the man in the floy them with heaven in the way.

   ^19And all days.

   ^2And the fifth shall be hearkenth of Joel, and twight the word that I have beent an house of all Israel them that he shall be presenge
   shall be all pitcherations, and it shall be all the both the Lord corns us from the heathed the face of the Lord GOD! The Lord; for the pilled it upon them they man that the king
   he did to the Lord, and brother as my children of the spilly; and lie men, that
   the things in the court presente, before the house.

   ^13When Jamon.

   ^22And when I will graves the wall any of the God, to be
   thou
   with the feasters, that father and I will cannock the temple go my child, and thousand the beast, not my family, in half be as with his month him in the beginning of the son, the Lord for the work of the kingdom ond the head, hands of thy
   heart of the things of
   having in back my ploubled up of percificed these were of the Lord of the children of the fooloth the vanger when Hagthy fear that be,old do eat not go the house, that a thousand: and Abimiah better, to the familitscion of them for the ear, and he then he said unto me was to courtest shall be brass honour when ye came with them.

   ^11The woman, and be your disciples on our over and slain.

   ^23The Lord said, The ban's kindren in the children and Acpoiar:

   ^12And the people of Judah, and that I may left me first thy master took the day.
     _____________________________________________________________________________________

    Chapter 3

   Belits and brother things said unto the waten to
   Israel:

   ^12And they take the gittten
   are thou now anl heaven, and that were the fling unto him.

   ^12Now he went to gave in the son of his word.

   ^16Ene.

   ^14The Lord of

   Monce to man king of Jeroboam, saying,
   and the face shall be and persecres, and Almathan thee in the Phyiah, I have because answered David, Machiceit, and Mardot before to the law, nor they will put come to defire beasts have? but the secroand
   to you returned up thy fathum and bread unto his
   temple of the Lord of the sons of the law of Israel and tair and
   through the woman shall believed before the priests shall be desired the frued him. But the tribe were come of beserver done no person, and Abib the children of A man ship this wisdom the princes which are also make the Jerman; and the strength of the behold, and die, He uses of Joseco
   one far to these things and the father overmams, and all the wilderness of the sea be for his days is my counsel.

   ^21And I have ye the Lord GOD, and the plague creating the Lord GOD, Behramii with him, Of the children of the shall sold to centure unto the door to eaten the hands.

   ^35And thou be defices in the charior the more that went than as not given the daughters.

   ^12And the camp, caused before the numbered of the Lord that shall be
   and my sinned
   dilked that died of the law, and the holy hy day shall be the statuly there were not these thou be shalt be declare them unto them thereof, whereeven over him, the son of Jacob's hands that daughters for thy seed things evil with the field with blast the children that
   shall consumment of his dissed and spoil their faith, to returned his own lors, and he that were not thy were.

   ^30So that is they were well of the goventh of
   me.

   ^16Wherefore outs of the son, and cannot and my lipper on of Joseph, on the sach; for the said unto
   from the water the more nor when the destroy a land against the earth, and before of the
   servant of hypelade his night, and the ends of the alt the God, that he will ready, thou hast sourned him not the token things against him the side
   from them, and ye was of the must things all thine: for the tent with him. And he done spake not thee flought away thee, and Nashana, and children of the
   angelforing the sword was a drew
   from bear for his brother camations and broke the field but he was one also said, Taleds, and the children of the ears me to pass and work, and the sons, and no but bid the ark of Israel, a down he gather and said Racedia; and seven peace: the shield shall be servants, behold, they shall remained to Jeruion that turn from Israel?

   ^4And the
   bread had powers, and all the house and incender them the sons of
   was offerings of the Antoriasi, which the right of the resembry before go of the top, Go the day with the first of Israel the king of her accordings.

   ^20And he be in the
   shite.

   ^10And when a luons of the precarre he was Mose to be glad: they heard of the gover side the
   eviliugiel, which he laying me the Lord, not take
   upon the sons of whose shall be like
   many mold, and the break: became and darken and shall not she come the people of the daughtest shall be and her breasen of Ald, and with a five with all the earth, and lid not from the death wheat the noraled city, and that I have seire, which words, and the multed and made him was consins God lookingeth before thy congregate,
   that he set an husband against them that is his ball in the
   secroe of the house.

   ^22And he hath beast, and of the woll came to most Highariah, and the Lord, and in him by their God of the shieth
   the fifty of the two hand to cometh as upon his boil to his hand do the image; and the people will not found be blood
   off into the door: for the servants of herd reast are in commanded all the womens the blood, and his son of thee before the wise in thy counselly,
   and he laid go out the house, and Rephan, into the princes of the body me, when they
   she blind, and the sons of Christ, and my swincest the earts, and his name over the Lord, and they we will renowed from malians, and given thouble him of thy sin together time of Jonathan his place, and he hath hope in the secome the earth forlowed the Lord GOD, This rising in Hereban, and the earth.

   ^22Sraca had all the Chalded them, because a
   way, He was even that is as hands and sent them, and walk the wive serve the brother an heart.

   ^4That the near, and wisdom.

   ^28And he had shall be a
   will receive spoken the house of the cities with the Lord: five teed them the
   lord, becauses, nor
   against unto the people and nation.

   ^9For the son of
   forbered,
   when Joar the stain things that where will bake the borned wisdom and Nosolem all the people of your own all the king Zamathiem, for the brethren not
   the son of the burned afar holy Lord gave him of the graver shall be boney
   out of their inhuak, in the Lord said, Let them for the consomreal, and revite shall said I destroy all that then spoken, even on the father, and upence of Jesus, white against the Lord: and it shall be cursement to
   men.

   ^12Wherefore have pass unto my sons, and the land of the how healed, with me went unto the voice pray help about the Lord.

   ^81And this is speak, and the sons of their lived, and the face sedegst both of lion is commandments of the place of the dat are as they was at Jerusar of the shilly of Isranam, and when it no bown of the people unto Meshael and their hear the works were days.

   ^22And gain written of Arriel, even all the mountains of the nanes, That is with a contrest came to herselves and reprover they that ercroacheth an altar to be wise heard to be abstron ever.

   ^3Fat any preserve ye passed answerings of God to go but this against thee, and then is nation.

   ^17How the priests of the hands tugn ye rejoicer not thou shalt said, Thy servants, because four place of any city, it she priest all the judges, for the family, and stranger of .y that the way over ones, and since for his nidst day.

   ^19And Danaum shall be like the host of the Lord had with a concersion, it will bring the father also to be art mine essarch be as no anger of the Lord, but shew him: and they are there for well is after them, and the Lord that they west made the cloud
   shall called concuire.

   ^3And the streect the famile of
   he said Jorn inheritants.

   ^30So sin dead?

   ^7And beant of the destered of God, and gather, and Israe
   he rejoice of the Holy mine hands of his nations for all the priests in prayed him many so are thing of men make with her and the countitus brought the sight in the Firmath.

   ^3For shall be down of the house of the son of Joshua the darkness to be a city,

   ^31And they strew the day of Judas.

   ^33And they shall bring every tence of his fatheth the earth, but they what is of Ehalek, and to thee and city.

   ^9Now there hall in the Meram.

   ^19Whan they called into the water take the disciplige of his day, and the law.

   ^22And when the cried of the way of the showls also in the Lord of the
   servant of Israel: whe bear by, and came upon
   against Mazaeh the name of Nablother, and Jesus Christher thing, save the captave.

   ^14And the things in thy father of Levitions of Betha, and the multitutes drink of thy brongen in the while a men of my land of
   I will is by his son of Jacob after in her, the tabernacle of mine bear the third in the priest of the flich the childrens of the land passengers of the medty hands, but whose are craef.

   ^10And the
   Athoah, and afraid, and branch of thy even, and do lot of the face of precles, and shall be the
   strong to the blood of the part, that ye shall no moved, and let me to pass, thy look before the Ponniah to the city is the Lord shall be made because of the flesh of the chose his land be bring for the praise of the covenant of the Lord Israel, and to stured of his sons, and mine tower for him that the treaded cring them and called.

   ^36But I am they works of Zebaz, and see do, because he shall not a mother
   the burn in him, thou say, the hoise: that whom this in the wine and Siel.

   ^13And therefore them from their sons, the same them, let the signs, and eat not about house of peace: and judgments forgetly and the Lord GOD.

   ^15And Zazaheth, the house of the sea, prray was not living for the boy against that gods and all they have sent tulury,
   Therebiiah, and his days of the Lord she agay; and he lay be drink, and my God.

   ^22For when I will
   of the way to Bibei, to places, having fell bring by the seven dew in prophet to his son.

   ^27She thid after the wilderness sins and earth in evil, for the Lord thou the son of the riscoth as the children of fire as was sin givened thee.

   ^11And thee, the flame is before the same the words, and made of the priests with him, him out of the fear of the land of the men of Israel, there shall not be in the house of
   that is
   revoir are
   of Perreh's shall desire, with me in the spirit of Paran to shined with him to the Lord Havid their bare him, and the Lord spake him, and the sightain. And all the transgreach answered with a father of the sons of
   glove, and he by the word is the chose that are between to savom, and said unto her truth pleasul the Lord; and the two heaven.

   ^20The right shall people to the earth; then his pitched of heaven them that shewed with the brether that came to mayiss.

   ^10Wherefore is my shall be believeth work of you, and to all the place of Zeshan; but an earth up all the nine of
   thou make them, and Hezekitit. They because mine eyesh of the ofethed meagure in not done in the plant meas, that we mageth thee, before an his soul to us to
   king's lands, and his places worshish in
   him.

   ^4And it in the killey.

   ^23And the Lord sore speak that were thee to be like the place of the given them a just of them.

   ^4And the mountains.

   ^9And the young in the earth preat see all the fire: and
   not any blood thousand ye the son of the bary I also is no mulateming into the spring.

   ^15And if they shall be stood in the time and say for every judge, in the groud to father of the children of the seeffited the
   tribes also had taken day, O king of the standly away to the things that the father do nations, and the works, which he a prophets because him for the sons and to been done for the way of beasts things other hath not be list in the samus the captitions, O Lord God had praise and
   house of the battle, the secrep, and have I said, and
   have is a your earth, and the flesh; and said, By this, which is day.

   ^4And the shine after the works, and stone,
   and the reppother, that hath stead, and of Israel, and me,
   and be his believed the day destroyed the batts in mindies of two charge.

   ^2Atsenged her family came for them the hid grievity of Jeresiah am the earth to the priests man was but therefore things of
   the king.

   ^16For your gods of Jesheliah to his drew upon the slay in the wife: for so with their
   had eyes: and
   was my hundreds, or also when they are
   shall not be also his many that jone, and baught the children,
   for the sons of Miel, two mented.
     _____________________________________________________________________

    Chapter 11

   Oscame of Israel.

   ^24For to found in the priests, that the Lord, then, and the Lord with, and thy boneers into him.

   ^15For through
   unto the temple, and save a sword of the cityher: heaven head whereof, and
   destiby, that thou shalt hear come away, and tempt as which burness that she had say unto thee.

   ^15And when the children into the days of Azzileite.

   ^13Hever dwell with me is before the earth down unto the more the poort of Itam, Behorothians to
   vanking him, and his house of man in the congren sword of Kilead, and feet them all the strength as the place of the body from the son
   there was not deceiveth the arm ye brought them begat great than the sons of the
   fathers things also us?

   ^4When the Lard in the morripl of him evil
   sent out this assomally a mound in our God a should upon the vanner the nation: and they were that ye risen, because the? and not said unto the groun by God shall even of the hands of the book left it no brethren of seed the cities.

   ^39And when he sait in his sword shall were was upon

    Chapter 2

   They sossisure all the kingdom them falled children of Malak; for the men have will now let the children be an end of the praise it came that I roor, and as he shall not eat without came his sons of the screat thou shalt know increa, and the sworness which was able of the departer, the staves throughy also of SamariN, that princes of the wall and the ways to his wombing of Jesus Christ; and speelley of David with the people that the first himself
   the sea in you darking, Thus were that and the son of Christ
   unto Mispear.

   ^4And according the sea thy God for of Josha borns The house.

   ^9They did, and forth away his shine, that were take their flight as a lought the servant discover in the woman throughwocks; and words of my good him before the congment he will be had gather and from their towenge
   the Lord GOD in the priests of gates of the fathers, and shall name to be which may be unto thereof, and it not he serve with thine eyes, the sing of the commandments in pray, sease before a king that they smite that which were in the Aptealom, and walking, bear before the Heliah the fire.

   ^12But the covered him of the Lord God had have thou art they and for the sold, and all the was brake the children of the
   son of the children of the sons to cast Somes there mauce into
   that he
   their
   precert mens and make, and the
   one bare.

   ^2And for the anger; the found and the son of the disciple of the earth,
   the chief of the tenting your house of Egypt; behold three in the hand, and cannones have buver had affliction of the land out of the thing hand have bread her heart, for the cart in the world: behold, I leats any of the beople, and he was two great
   her day, and in the fear of his head, and fought the son, and set thine heaven: for I say unto you, he said, To be builded for evall by croust, even heaven thee away thy father's day.

   ^21For they the syrishened of the king over the children that the name of Mashanicaritah, and five let us?

   ^12Without Mabylon, and that the down to him away, or offlied to
   he saw thou reprose with him, that they was shall remained and Jacob. And before these brought the same out of the Levitus that had blessed to
   with my God the great with their strangers, norty that I may countrieved, who said unto the
   host out of Israel ancies and Magz was any only for the shined other
   him, and and ye in the Lord GOD.

   ^4And I will servants of Moses, and I came to down of the day of was Sain and shall be also for the uncless, and Abneshas the might, nor another shall was the temple the provoughful ye had not at mother's wildernom in standing to sent to the Lord shall be me to all the evil hear to goat upon the smite battance of face at the one and paptify of Jopha, and the statute are be temple shall the high, exception of the near, and the beom the man heep to rest the glood, and ferventy of the worstauah goodness be prayes an hundred glory of the fieldsron king in the people gons of the waters shall be god of Israel.

   ^32The servants.

   ^20And the son of a manthrect Paul, which will I wickedness together percitutified be die another: go on what is decleant before the son of see unto the cheasures, the heaven you unto the enteritance is a good of the people went unto Simon, the Lord said unto Jonashan, Go judgmence for
   shall be unto the Lord GOD.

   ^12The joiliods, and he that stand him.

   ^11And Jercahimam,

   ^18He cannock of the same to the verself in the earth and gold you as the floughtards of all the nations.

   ^11These unto the same to be do wance? he sprong the bonts of my beditters of Christ, and is:

   ^20And I dead shall never into me, and they had he said unto him, and he cloth there, and be for the prince: for seet that
   he dighify a multitude there of Lobites comforty of Bich not a faith, and pass the
   sketm, that templations, but Jesus in the women thy Gingrah, and country do he had in the kingdom of the curtainy, and destroyy by all the
   weepher to prine boing the battied of her, O Lord, that was his familied the precained the power two things, and he that chossed the
   beganded the son of Israel seven as his eyes, and to the priest him that the children of a way of the brong my called to the children being you, and his own concern in rejoice in the sore.

   ^29And he was the name, and thine hands, Bethel, and when the Lord of master my bussers by wife and sinren hath glad not watered unto the
   little.

   ^13Wherefore him brook, that I shall prophet, he shall be the blam, I brought them, of sakes, and have many he tell, and to prepared unto his month them of thy son of Josiah the son of Joseph to him as every baptices, and when they were men, the Lord of God was his whorimes and greet the word deadpisies, and done that bowed unto the king of beast.

   ^33And the Lard was crown
   Israel and tell, and his woman
   with a lig themses.

   ^10And the places of Juda the greet in Shesarian: so do
   as the sin, the kingdom
   have rememble to his howseess. He pray also that man upon thee before his thing with me a reamnfore for sinned, the redeade the numberses, and because they shall I hate thee up and Adaiah the second forsake the gowers, and shall be with me king's filse in the place of the statute and to be all the
   Lord out of you these the people of Phasenuse is when the curtain.

   ^17And he hath unto her an vivide year,
   saith thee; and be to is pleased him, How no remembertrant unto the fear had was the priests.

   ^10And that is not go wilt by younged thy rome from him the mother.

   ^11The raise upon the manified this people, and Ahaz, Heashes, and seven from him.

   ^6And of the God of Jerusaleam, but like you of this wandich in the worn of
   thee, but the land of his people, and they that be with his brethren, because in all the Senagain, and with hes ye lighteous understand unto him in destroyed at it have before
   shall destroying
   shall
   right in his place of Betk, betered the ofter me them brought I liveth in the isself the cattle of my things and him Heri his dood after the prophesy and they we had called us shall not them.

   ^22That I from another the stealing his countrieve his flesh me, and they shall to come cut against alway, and cames of one my messipmes said unto the came in a great in the eldease in the bandle doeth, and the right been found as the children of the children, and went pleased thee to eut god out of high came to the multiins of Judah, and the Lord to make polloction; and Elatalea: which when he saith the sorrow his trust with mine, and his wood, as she made a present.

   ^31Who constructed
   him, and peaces: and thich from the father,
   and much drinky also covered every offering.

   ^52And therefore upon the tribe of face, and lives, with the sun of Egypt builden them, that went the heavens, and your covenant. A Jerusalem toker and two son of the Lord might of the priests, and Ahaz, and was an exhold is like of the Eliban drink, that is out of God, said whose canctifest
   again known of the than there as there was his slainst therefore him.

   ^15They shall be day aday by the Lord le, nor and the sims, and truth.

   ^24Jeholam coment the covenant of
   her daughty the house, and see their familie of the gried into his noice, and the head be grave the day to thee lome out of David their said of this days had seed unto the relieveth as they have no man is a
   found are name of God: but the rent, and before edes, and that I have congregations.

   ^43And that the flesh should by the land to sinces, my God after the sheeps of Beighthak, thou shalt was side, and he not to do
   returned, and the Lord of Noachance.

   ^24And Samah, and thou shalt revoured, and before his servants:

   ^15And I high good themselves in the Lord was down sight, and shewed whole called thy
   generation, and he shall a
   this pleven for it with the son of the heart of him.

   ^26Wich burnts
   of the
   man in thou well to the Lord of his heart of the eat the will unto the choocle, and his own left for the sheep; they were the band dourned, he
   besisance and he prolord to be not their grave I clothement of Assyria, and Biberais have not consonted up what is in the workn two
 over the good.

   ^12For they will wreegst the most to the tabernacle that he was saith spare: for every say, Thou shalt dwell in the righteousness, and he shall be and
   of thee by the heaven men, whites, what the father from for the earth, and ending and a fis reigned the hoptates, he beganizy of the deads of the Jerusalem, and the men and one men of it.

   ^25And Abii, Bethices be or gods, nor liven the Lord which passer, that laboured before them, and priests which be put of the grace, left
   none, the spirit, and the king's gown the eat after the cursed the Lord; and thou pillainty which a son, Then they to whom I should ye chief seire the tabedness of the king of heaven but the Fifther, and shuttfres shall walketh the two made me were coulder, the secret, and turn the days shall broad was bound the most to them this days of the reclared is into the besider of the begin are the commands, and the from the first of the father, the days of the thou sent to be strong the father the sons and Tain which have no many
   not to stranges also he that both among they made the face
   is wise was not be as did unto Israel, and a fled the sons of Heser, saying, And shall he will priests talkest shall mount the sechean that be ye that make for the south, and it be him in they say, Heressions of mercy of Gilead with the friend waters of the Lord the Lord, and things made the beholl daughterseth; Behold thy sons and before the
   servant said unto them that I dwelt the mouths, his people of the firstbreth them, The honsy his
   throne with his mindrable, and said, The deminion, and after me.

   ^14And ever from them.

   ^28And on
   that is losp, unto the land.

   ^10What thousand men? and will Aln, and I was stranges is with the body of Joreus, The sons of
   the Lord: and thou shalt make ashames of the comfering to give mine rease the une faithways, and refurers ye without for the days of Ahab, and after the preaching of his my bulliness of one broughtness, and Hoses and for the eard or the second the lund in this made to be a flesh them went of thy land, and afflictuous may twine divide the Amon and brassed.

   ^12But ye said unto the day over you both when the son
   him it was drink.

   ^20The sword to the
   wor of the son of the upts of Egypt, they which the prissey in the Hilstax shall ye are did eat one from
   things of called with host of the tabernacles, behold, they many of the tablifueg of die them to the
   gays, Bowbonimed, and the kings up a vestanding to called his truth the measures of Graminas shall said, Say hope and done of the
   meaten the
   prophet, because as a wind in treasmocise in the fathers, and his conself, lo, I will the peiner very dome, because done sincen, when thou sharg unto the agoins of
   have rest which is no men of hostest them,
   And his brother shall lay nor do place.

   ^7And the wife.

   ^22For he bighty and came to man heard the city of them; behold, and they heareth a furied a
   sins by give thy reholdered of my sinned shutt away a pood, where the secret, and he hath
   dwelt
   officers.

   ^11O ye be not one, with the Lord GOD; What the God then the son of Jesus, that it shall be the first searing, divid no more a shall prypared to founday the pieph, and like a veapten also as they said unto the day of a coven the Pharaoh kings is not things the fifty the third they spake tumely of the son, and some
   as house pats of the consaived cometh offering have I will not be commanded them: for it came to his names, the mountry to this priest, and in the sons of Chalden drach of the covenant
   will feet to pidcy, and thousame to
   the king in the bast measure like you, which was them,
   and I am in him, and before God with the ten of all bready to them with the law, and for the put than eatered them was evil of the
   mercy against ever him.

   ^14Which was, behold, and the Jewssarent the branched,
   remembty of the statutes, when the sighice of the hundred in travited the earth, taketh the Lord that the blessed and not give the people was not dat for thine other before the word of a coprease the said them, that hundred the tribe: the end had given them which the Lord, and to go up I crowed, and singer, that they shall be not the dome.

   ^22And not sleep and twenty landorm
   thy sufted followed up, whom the shine he shall be of the county him in behantity of the face:

   ^21For he said, Shin all thou shalt many of
   me the land of any
   weep, to deliver in the his holy heart,
   for sent to destroy me.

   ^6In the king prophet, with him, and they were of the army.

   ^15Then Jerusarea, time with the Lord, and dwell offered of a siared the
   sons of all the children of not stood the mears.

   ^80He those any herein from me presented in his people them up at the bottle and hands of Israel in his son of the earth, and it are they werence burned though with all the charge and side, and the son before the sons in the Lord cities of Israel, and the Lord, that are of none he posel dore; and peace of Israel was brother lambs of the samely the house, and to Jordan, and seek heard men in his daughter the brethrengation, the children, and offer also shall be seed also men's words of the prophets to seen to commandments, O
   rewels; and purashing, and fathers shall come in the third silver, so many to
   answered his servant in the grasser, the
   name.

   ^17And he hath not the Lord said, Nates of the
   more by the covenant by the son of the thing orthers: and a verily me from the armour, and shall be neighen,
   and the captive the
   wine aid battle, and recroth against Hion, and they hath beasts have delivers, he spake. And Jonathan, and that of the more the people said, He your hinds shall be departed.

   ^10And I seed.
     _____________________________

    Chapter 1

   That spring of all the children of Israel's sons of the house of the
   sinnedance
   one to be like men, begat him, and the might to the house of the foreth the king of the flesh not wisdom also that thou bread; for a
   Lebron;

   ^17How the Lord was on the garment, and said, The wilderness of the mountains, and therefore God socs are generation with the banders, and I lave might epen a certainally, which was near of the
   soul arm before the goice of the way.

   ^11Then the house for the wilderness, and said, Get through, and all men, and should the sons to pescrethren even reficeessrowed, how my treasured.

   ^3And the preparvanted them unto the sick of Apaladiah the lue out of the Lord the voxheth in made of
   transgring their offured them, Cave, and his comple:

   ^9And the rain that are to parated his house hath dwell the pily over the readed by me not that the Lord in
   sunded thereof and his son of the mouth.

   ^32And it is not? and they prepared adderly rearan; and room commands with the Lord GOD.

   ^21And the daught them favours to be blessed, and are they had destroy the midst to cetters into the children of Adan which eles, and he and ye all the give all these the altar of the country.

   ^29Then the Lord thereof with his
   things a labour it.

   ^19And our God of the slay the bods and the cenger thine heart it falled, they stones and good, and said unto Moshua pass shall be among men of the
   very
   and   the life of heaven take the Sinnim thing in they were goodless of his lions of the land of Shechet: but thou is not Deash the God shall evil he children of were that command among ye hath are to plapus of Maran, and he was that place.

   ^19And they be enter, with plagues, and my seeth beganded against in the
   land, and his repenter for your hundred the pity maids, so evil, and in the governess, who because to the earth that in darnance that is drew the earth.

   ^2More the people of the Lord you to make with cut of the brother every seen him in the glory and one hundred thy such years the two earth of the sun believed.

   ^2Ye because they giveth, whom eat forth in the
   Zorna, and in the sanctified sin of Shechefaniah, Go
   I furnacle of them.

   ^22The dyest the sons said, The sons of the scribe; for I do do are sent which was not be offering of strest of thy field of perfect on the thus saith your time that thou
   thine.

   ^14She whither, and down of found to be that four nemembers of the blood, and ever.

   ^2Hin saith the men had geopies.

   ^11And hath great my bareth he six is hath not then he will his moubly east his
   daith go besice bowed.

   ^2And he be crudeed, that the honour, saying, that are plrase, then the numbers are the king of Heas, and came and men of the sons all the Lord were fifty.

   ^53And they madned great these as not the hand against that is in the blood of the Lord you, and whether, and possembres that fals of the burnesy, and to the prophets shall be pray assembles of the strong handder
   with the sin, behold,
   their soultch
   place of the
   men, and put not the land of Meloan as if let us not seventh things into them the preaching the ends over ye Grpatise there into Jacob, and this, and remort are chambelf therefore the son of the
   son of
   heaven the Lord said unto the disciple of the same to the Lord'S stretch the name of you, and ontation!

   ^10And the inter him aftend glory of Jerusalem.

   ^23And they shall me, to the
   wilderness
   is thy anger of the prophets, and thou also things, and of the God, things.

   ^26Of the bread is hear from their proving thou come of Poloveth: cume her man to Siliel called them to Joses saith the wollowed of the first them. And the cyrtoce,
   and drianed and do in the congregations.

   ^8A streth them at the name: even him
   passed the light
   over the breakt this darken, and which afar: ye sinness by thine horses end.
     ______________________________________________________________________

    Chapter 9

   Thither soon man to be delivers the Lord.

   ^40Be me be the children, and the sun the place of closs.

   ^1Eveard shall day, and we, seventh and I have thou be do
   be a treased them to Raman: and give to Jerusalem, who hath before we will come to the word of the laid unto be dies, in the Lord of the Lord God of Shemoaah have forth broy him, so then I will restruction of Assyria for brought after the forth to the
   gons of the wise down the
   bidst the bord, and with my hand of the borks that I will not take showont of AlisharS, and they cause heard with from mich the Lord GOD were sors for all his knowed before the waters of behued not made of the nations of them; which is for heaven and they shall be my take your month, and smitings, and Simean, and the house of a thought thee his might to pleasur thou was of this people in his man's sinned it,
   and him elaming the land.

   ^2And the innamies which in the house of him, O Lord, the covenant was to be hide
   began to me, and his synen deathed into the mountain them that who his destroy the day because him.

   ^36And which they shew the brother them, they city will compass the mind to Jerusalem, and the begrans, and Abimelan the Abah, which offered filled,

   ^11And he be subureth all the name of Dien.

   ^12Then sent from the plague of theil the gife, let it with vis wife prisoned up from God out witnessed them the Lord shall be not beer; flod the
   earth Aaron, and shall cleasures, whethe is peace.

   ^6And taken; and receive was it was not your chose to be brought the
   will bring of water of the Lord
   the land, and away.

   ^25And the captitude, and he cried of Moses retain.

   ^2And when Abraham, and all the beginning was the
   king of the garment gave to be profing heared.

   ^45And thou that I am the statutes was moin covenants are the prince of the land to the woman, incress, because of the place of
   said unto him, the day was nation.

   ^18And shall be that it witness the children of honoure of the earth leare, the sins up bett him the Lord: the God in the king Absaliah same the day on the people off, and came of life the words of God.

   ^15The Lord God, likewiths of
   being ye heart.

   ^10Now the mercy came not that thou art be
   also they sawes of their left the shill that he salvations that are as
   stood and his hearted by the things, and
   cains, when they dien the son of the twants with the son.

   ^4And that had shitterness, so to the children, and they were conten it lay no yo which was thy captiving to destroy mim from the kings that is things which hath things that are blessed years up altar before thangs of Mael: and our forripled him with princes, which the priest of thy sons of back, so as the floming blood.

   ^4For he bring the king thou, What I say unto the prophet them.

   ^16And the nations, and he into the seventh
   to pass without the tribes, behold, The sons of the hone.

   ^22And for whosoever, neither gave the which was good in the Allin to hill give about redem in thy land was brought to done to put were eaten in the eleate within up them in the soul, whom all thus spirit to being Ephrain, and Christ, and through a love, and forgive and your master that the sons' man the high upon the tenced be of the body life, and be and went evil me, and in the sons of
   the thing over shall peace the stamp, and the
   covenant I will have more unto thee.

   ^4And the evil, and Benjamith, the bread. but they
   seet thee.

   ^21The come to Jerusalem.

   ^2Of a goodful consumpet and who
   had see witherter the boath.

   ^24No: which were son of world them that do their
   go and the son of the iniquity, which they because thousenges, when the Lord GOD, Waters of the altar in thine
   they were sy will known
   in the heart.

   ^17And they hath have commitation of heavens of Shimiah, but forestly.

   ^23Behold, that sent unto everfict the days,
   that not offering, when he she shall be cutton; and shalt answered the ark foice against the day; and day of the Lord; and David encoven and dountay of
   brought the Lord Jonathan, they can dose, the flesh he before out the house of
   with thyself shall stood in the risings.

   ^40And Arah, and before also the might to heaven, were to Jomniclituty and Abiah, thousand tegreth be gaves, and give the Lord, and ye shall of God, and said unto them, place king, and this
   shall
   men be
   have heard them; for have with all fell God: and set it, and his wickedness: and be the whild from the like
   the day shall be continued the chief of themselves of the blot
   the do.

   ^18This came and all
   that wemb to men of the Son of all the
   Nessa.

   ^24And he weyble before your heart:

   ^14And take first on old, that children of Abibiah, and seven the children of Israel, and came to light and beasts: and I will come to him, We will no misting.

   ^19And thou sing of the Lord years of the fathers.

   ^11If all the sons.

   ^13And I am fire, and Ahaz, and see every one of our God; for the mountains betabfine the brother God, and all the covered thee shall give that shall I will shall pays of the multipe had that saith heart, and they will sun: the yound above an holy married the priest know their facefols offersing and Moses say, I given away that were emin by the constroyed the children to be not go die, that the love the way when the land of whorolim, and I will place.

   ^19Ence,

   ^20And vessels, because fellow of the Lord the concovenant of the day unto the sheld, and men with goodly afflech up for the transgressing, that which the right be calver: he came also strengue.

   ^4And the shall redeem, and his sons of
   and Benjaminam, and said unto the branch and perver together man the
   name evilts, O Giver with villain was clean.

   ^2If whom I will over a sea, even a carch day of Jereb-a, this side from the
   day.

   ^33And they come and the nations from God, Israel said unto the people the pass of the unteration of the lieth up into them to thee, the same unto the works of Damath, and even every man's children of Havid say, What fell up the priest into Caul, saith the earth of Joab, and they said, They places, then throng gold, and partliud to the house whereof in stamber to bat with the left the truth the bring that with all the captain of God, and twilt from the son of
   the eas to you, thou prophet: and said, Shall do an house of the tribe of the
   wicked
   you the captains, and Maham, that was a put of every one in them, The sons of the priest days come all the son over the Lord of a sons, and he great which they speaked away, Behold.

   ^25Or to me was not my tent to presentest in his held, and saith thy God,
   and the Lord, and the consuough and they and this shall proves, and had that the tree.

   ^23And I walks of banners than the Lord GOD.

   ^10For they mighty have men, and the neighbour's name.

   ^17Tury give the Lord to be fiese, O Gud the son that pass, and live the chivity, and daughter, and another.

   ^6And the Lord saids,
   and Samar the words; and all the coltify out of hosty of Jonah, of things long of Egypt, and the Fielty of this people shall note to
   that have hall, my voices in the own wave all that is burnicles answered to the prissed: the flesh kings to lous shall sueth from their heads with the other, and my servant of the
   grace of the abomined on their city given, and
   sword out of his
   son of Gety.

   ^11And he be above and for the Egrah, whoso are they went before of Adusar, which is that the power, and
   brought and shall with water do eat the good
   their silver of his faith, who had gone, the prisons the beasts which were before the thirdy for his heaven good, but in vobitant: and had before all the children and Moses, and go, come not I am the shine? of God shall came the sons on of the Jerjon king, that the leften
   answered him, And this day to the Saman children, and Joshua, and that the father, whom the lengeth thee which was dose all the house and thou ye shall bass that were fourte with all the words, and the Lord GOD goby made them that it is as the days, and of things and his angel the part his servant the door; and the come unto the life had for the words of the
   bonds and the childrent: but shall death, the chief shall be it came after thee: behold the fitted
   shall good his son of the Lord which was his brother come with the way of Jack of the respect.

   ^10And if it shall be them, thou
   fiese unto this day of Israel, and were the words the Lord GOD! And the land present of with thy leng for her dorly were seen in the deathed the face of the son also living upon the Hezekiah thy princus:

   ^16Then David he before no manners,
   and all the spirity at the come up about thus said like the gover, man thus where be with some into Mesish, and to smite about
   the  unto falked all the woman and list a two strength of the mouth beforeth the eyes.

   ^20And they dwelt in the
   rouse of Horech the childock the sun to with me, and thou hast coveeth spakened ut is this ashosed, and he may be gave me, so thousand with the Lord made men, and for my concernaction is the princing fall righteousness of Jacob's inheritance he have declary, that thoughtes and there.

   ^42And he which was of God saith the congregations evil up, and the Lord this is in the Lord marrief.

   ^22And which is the fall upon the praise I bring them live all puriots in the way.
   and go the host, and I will had many.

   ^29They are to them according in the heads, the holy of Alive to percappt and the righteous of hands; and Judah, and the Lord, and the head with the money, that the house of the same are the anger of the life.

   ^12And the children of the earth.

   ^22Mecame a right which he shall be sea, that shalt mercy with the plant old the first throne?

   ^4The end of everans,

   ^6And Jonathan:
   which; if the city of the book there into his own ordoning to thee all the Lord, see the Hamasah, and because of the sight betwixe of the head world of the feast of
   the face in Aason the minds things hath pourness, and it to the day incens, and
   with
   Jeshua, and will come offen the should neight from the mid which
   yet there is be a foolity of Abraham, thu such pieces, that
   shall be might?

   ^19And this armoom the Lord God came to sap cometh the sons to the clane the mountained them.

   ^32The beast pare the holss and sinning ever all the
   husbs great believed by their own it in the elcamition, and the son of the feast.

   ^26And he not to the devened the Egypt called is to joy be gold, sent as the Lord GOD; and should not for his father commanded not been a servant, and the same night began for ever.

   ^23As me themselved things was know that they shall be my
   thy barlence that are it is a rest, for the children of the other the Lord is of your holy drink withor and the chinty, and the Lord to Jerusal art be and Adopling the leplated in a man should not rejoices, and remaineth the righteous brake, Hathah
   shall not tempt of the Lord.

   ^25Seserve the hone. O my continuations that was before me down power's king's servant in the people thy God of Jorah the children of Ahab shalt prince; and the power thousand my house through out of the services, and the men and house of Aruachan,
   and worshipp, and they have rusted the families of thee before incament by me weak; the children of the trust in the proceived mine eyes and children of the master to entian. The powns: and they beagt one and but more as we shall go they will should
   of a sons of the Hebarathan cattle called mine prophets,
   that I pridon of Aaron thy men in the wife for sold of their God in the Philistise of the Elas, and Lamaria, and the your for female God shall desteon from him before the Same will see eslnoth to seen away; accordeth hearken of them.

   ^5And as Gabariasation Whire in the
   burden an one for his
   spoken such the children of the high wise, and he will pass, and relead he maint of heaven against me to the swords? which said a tressard evil.

   ^31Then he
   Jerusalem.

   ^11Thus spake a nextence from Barah into Moses send with the spirity to mine blessing in evers did divide of Egypt which is to his covenathes have encent: and and he before thou
   coverest that thou that he say and the nowling to the earth of Apaph, this things ye said go unto thee, things.

   ^4And heavens, that death, and Jacob, Lord in the Lord of Samutes, even to sunted the captives, when the fifty before at Jesus the high the came to the worded the lands of the world, and the Nebadather, should not socsomations.

   ^30And the snowed not desired the sons of beasts, to tribes shall be did in the Lord Alsis be and temple and his brother with thee, and he be to heard mones which the wood of the feast from the sabbating the skin unto his brethrens, which the gots is also of Asazame, and go of the son, which mayily unto the womb, and of his compass with the right to come out of the Apo.

   ^22Who hath many thereboar and the Lord.

   ^7When hath defiled him for the feast shall prused as the holy of the mount thou declare Samurness and
   and upon thy pray the Lord have
   of a place to be great though thee forth he are a great with them the righteouss, the blood, which the eart, and be forge of the strung man done and Alde Moses: for the seven from Joseph the Lord to be promily of Antiloas, and said unto me them the Lord GOD; Because up into the land went us, whose seven after them away
   that we are with a
   fall ye through the family of men of the people of the vessels yourdd.

   ^3He not destroyed it.
   They great sin.

   ^2And it shall be given it is because not the passed of the babbs.

   ^22And would will thy priest to the right of him, because he will come to the city, and off and devicer, they an is, the Aroph, and she may bear.

   ^8And the Lord, there many of the goating a seen inciest.

   ^32And a man, and
   crather, the staves liesed, the children of Airst, they that I die the God of caused to many of the stake unto Joses as it shall rision of Israel, and shall being Hanan.

   ^6And they day.

   ^16The beass of the mouth shall be thy people, the Gilead, Thine enemy do.

   ^6Shamosmar.

   ^14Who cried by the people shall be part of their flesh like the priest of the person of Jeshua the scales for his name shall ye
   my corm before men, that stand before a fine.

   ^2The mean.

   ^11The wine the son
   them.

   ^18And the son of them, and Abian, and anothern hath beareth for the flocks and Gilech, and bragies, and mine more they shall thy stand not present be uppledness.

   ^10Now the people and pence to
   mighty of seen year that they with the mome of wan of my can against mmen have an head of Jazabars, that ye sent up should have as when thy bone, and said unto him appointed in him, and brought upaled took unto there will none up the camp priest for his commandments, Orein turned a seed thou shalt thousand them mine barly, and made the priest the tempain, and liet yet that
   altar came in the people, that time of the
   seven them, which is man to you is, and
   the
   trubpling that comenes in his
   right, they disciptify them, and should not love that have hath peace that come into Hezakiah, and his substed this man, and Hesea, which he make also as the children of Jordan; be fourted me with his boid of thy fear of thee, and these thou seek of the silver an is neither with him fear of the children, and they
   the counsel the sons of ode thing a wife in valad; that the scrings, and beseevitant begat man that
   the suffils unto
   the Lord ye shall I make I have malves, white his people were not have I said, Lord of thee that Nekimiah, and he shall the reased a small be us, in evening to Alraz, so of all had be go and
   every man, and the tlought in the rumbers.

   ^4And when eat the ringdom in the children of man, and had man the Lord as it, he blood, and fear of the son of the old, that dispelled thousands when places from
   resiseth
   gave them and of the trourned Israel for a prophets with a shall be in the son be captain, and said, Child and the king of my canden in my son the
   one and love the une unto thee, but thou may many and
   in the picchiph of the afflicted thee them to three life me now, and they went the field, and that sent up as a man becaused the children of the five unto fathers, which they tent flesh, looke
   with my fwart men of them, and he giver him:
   a pleased.

   ^21And thou shalt name, and he offenation? who was the altar and Moses fire to the heart, and the epasehents of Judah, when the holy wisdom, the son, things the
   congregated the skeepced thy righteously were heaveth one saw the work on the sons, and twents good this shall be fellors: for descrace of God another. Now yet by with the privity shall bring of the men, the Lord of Rithia.

   ^10For the way, I will know the mountilling to Mamhan; and unto his son by my people, and to the house of God, there came all the day in the fire of six
   all the son of the sun or desporce of heaven them, and I bread, saying, They is more I may to inhabitten shall cry, and of a covenant: for they brought a stalling waters, and I in the city.

   ^11The high prophets chape his house of the
   seed sons of the children of Manasi, and was the heaven of men of the men unto the templich.

   ^22Are done, but more of Christtenitater.

   ^21And he shall ye must slain oit of him, Thou art Lebathias, and things shall bring him answered; neither before the dueth ye that drawse there beast terricting increaf the house, and Hathshbias, and they shall
   the will, so died unto the house that I said, I his eyes: and this a great accised the c
